I used to work food service and my manager at the time recommended i try defalco's.
He knows food well so i was excited to try one of his favorites spots.
The gobi had a comfort food appeal.
Enter the food peddler farmer's market.
It does what cleveland and the rest of the nation needs, it encourages consumption of fresh, local foods.
-fresh, seasonal fruits and vegetables with everything from plump bing cherries to more exotic fare like chayote and california avocados.
It's not as cheap as fast food, no.
Support a local business, eat local foods and give something back.
But, going into an indian fast-food place, i had a very low expectation.
The food made up for it.
Im giving this place four stars more for sentiment than taste, but their food is decent.
After reading the reviews i channeled liz lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian indian food?
Picture homer simpson when he sees something really delicious that he wants to eat.
It's so delicious that whenever i think about it, i have an instant craving!
The amount of food you get for the price is unbelievable!
Nah, it's because of how fantastic the food is.
It is a very crammed space, a little italian deli in between a italian grocery store.
I like that there is an organic produce section with organic veg and fruits.
They have a large selection of various ethnic foods and a section of amy's organic frozen foods.
This place creates excellent food.
They have an excellent wine selection and much to choose from for imported italian foods.
The in store experiences i've had are fantastic, from deli to cashiers and all departments!
Wholes foods are even more fun to explore.
Deffinelty will be willing to stop by anytime nice staff and great food.
The other reason is that it is smaller than seafood city or ranch 99.
Because of the amount of traffic that seems to go through there the food seems to always be fairly fresh.
The food was great.
I really like that they are a huge success on their fresh foods..
I know t&t had the same type of thing going on, but ironically i rarely bought fresh foods from t&t.
Their food is good too!
They had longan and different fruits from s.e.
Definitely worth a look if you enjoy cooking and food!
Real family place and their food is the best.
Selection might be small to some, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.
Also a good place to get healthy snacks and fruit.
Even better, we purchased some lemon, espresso and peach macaroons for later and those were so delicious!
The food has a lot of flavor and the staff is extremely friendly :) it's a restaurant/meat store.
If you're looking for good inexpensive produce, asian goodies, food or supplies, lucky moose is the place to go!
Defalco's also has other italian fare such as a delicious meatball sub and classic pastas.
If you like indian food home style and that too in vegas , you should visit rani's .
Affordable prices and you can even buy food here!
Especially at the deli counter.
We also got a half order of lasagna and it was delicious as well!
Are amazing better yet the prices are very reasonable cheaper then whole foods.
Fishy fish market if you're looking for fresh seafood, come no further than fishy fish market in charlotte, north carolina!!!
Great food at equally great prices.
I would love to have a fabulous deli like this in my neighborhood- it is the "real deal!"
Food and service are always amazing, clean family run restaurant with great argentine's music.
The food is outstanding.
English cucumbers $0.75, bananas $1.23/kg, shopsy's 375g deli-trim bacon $3.00, and s!gnal potatoe chips $0.99 per 200g bag.
The food is amazing.
Not such a great fresh produce selection but good selection of food oils, as well as cosmetic/shampoo/toiletry/etc.
My boyfriend found this place when he fell into a google hole looking for food around us.
Very yummy, fresh, authentic food is made here and we loved it.
The food is simple and amazing!
I prefer extra spicy foods.
Samosas-  great vegetable samosas!
This place reminds me of the italian delis back in the northeast.
For all of the food and dessert this place makes and sells, its surprising that they wouldn't have homemade pasta.
Needs improvement in the deli department.
Always well stocked, outstanding meats, and delicious bakery at great prices.
Stop for some ready to eat cuban food.
Also fresh fruit and salad.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
My coworkers and i enjoy grabbing food at the deli counter occasionally.
The prices on the fruits and vegetable is way cheaper than the local supermarkets.
There are all types of vendors from vegetables and fruits to jewelry.
Even offered a free chicken sausage link after he learned my son doesn't like spicy food.
Very good service and food.
The place holds up to it's name with fine foods.
Amazing, legit chill spot nothing fancy awesomeness .....good food cheap nice staff.
-amazing imported wine selection :) -delicious looking pastries and nibbles (that i will have to try on my next visit!).
My husband and i love the food, service, and people that work there.
They're now winco, which is a supermarket with much higher quality produce - specifically, fruits and veges.
They're both super competitively priced and they carry yellow dragonfruits (pitaya) too.
If you are looking for really good italian food then this is the place to come to.
Everything we tried was delicious!
This place is great for out of the ordinary food items, and they have a good selection of wine.
It may not be a restaurant,  but it's the even rarer treat of a specialty grocer/deli.
I'm usually a produce and fresh food type of person, so the selection and quality is great.
They also have a food court with a good selection of options to please everyone.
A sheet cake serves 48 people (minimum) and is only $17.99....and it's delicious!
I was very happy with their fruit selection and their customer service.
My favorite italian deli.
The greek-style home-cooked food was delicious and there were so many choices.
Seriously people: if you haven't tried jimmy's a & a deli, you haven't lived a full life.
Very fresh and the dough was delicious.
This is really an exceptional italian deli!
So he yelp'd argentine/italian food las vegas and we found this place.
A great place to shop for asian foods.
My wife is from thailand and i like both thai and chinese food a lot.
The chinese food was ok, but the freshly made green tea was very impressive tasting!
If you are looking for really good italian food then this is the place to come to.
You can shop for your italian food/ingredients here as well.
They do sell beer and wine by the glass/bottle, and they have a great deli selection of meats and cheeses.
Best brazilian food in las vegas.
Yes vancouverites are spoiled with the plethora of food offered there.
Nom nom nom....i wish i could freeze their yummy food...lol
The veggies and fruit are priced great and very tasty and fresh.
I have a good frame of reference for authentic italian food.
Had a great dinner with my family, the food was simply wonderful with no pretense in the surroundings.
This food basics location is around the block from my favourite shoppers drug mart.
This store is clean and bigger than most food basics.
Easy and convenient parking access, clean store, variety of food items, finding everything we came for, and friendly cashier.
They do have a food court and several other shops that carry clothing, makeup, and the like.
I mostly go to the food court, especially, for lunch.
The food here is very tasty.
Perfect for someone who is looking for health-conscious food items on a budget.
Good place with quality fresh meat and other food items.
Their cheeses are so cheap and taste better than the expensive crap i've bought at whole foods.
Cute little argentine deli/restaurant with a great menu  :)  the ham and cheese empanada was delish!!
Great for customer service and food selection.
So damn delicious and medium spicy is perfect for me.
Best italian deli/grocer ever!
It was melt-in-your-mouth fantastic and delicate.
Ordering food at the counter is sufficiently quick and orderly.
The cheesesteak was delicious, but the one-note, repetitive flavor became overwhelming towards the end.
And you know... that smile gets translated into the food.
Really authentic indian food!
Love the food and service!
One of the cleaner indian grocery shops i've been to, clean deli.
The food in their deli is excellent, you can taste the freshness.
But what makes this place special are the good quality food items at very reasonable prices.
They have berries, herbs, vegetables, prepackaged salads and their own dressings.
One warning about the prepackaged food, do not assume that this food is fresh and healthy.
Its not even remotely good for you, but its delicious.
The grocery section is well arranged, the sweets and fast food section is my favorite; it's all 'fresh'!
It's not hard to get a delicious lunch for a reasonable price here.
Some of the best quality meats and seafood you will find anywhere!
One of the negatives is some of the fresh fruit they have to offer.
I have had several of the pre-made dinners available.....fantastic food!
Eating at this deli is like eating at a ny deli.
The cheese is fresh and prosciutto is delicious.
The meatballs and spaghetti are equal in taste to ny italian food.
Excellent food and a quant market with interesting items to try.
5 stars for absolutely delicious food and wonderful company!
This is a great stop for organ meats if you make your own dog food.
It's hands-down the best meat deli in c-u.
After a long wait in line food was brought out pretty quick except the calzone i ordered.
My husband got done eating his food and dessert and i still had not eaten.
If you want real italian food this is your stop!
I am italian and i have high standards for italian food.
Absolute rockstar of airport foods.
Super tasty authentic indian food and a grocery store where you can get the right stuff to make your own.
Couldn't believe all of the various, fresh seafood options that were presented before me.
This place is almost equivalent to an asian open air seafood market.
Everything, deli take out, eat in, italian sausage, spaghetti sauce is delicious.
Oh man this place is incredible--exactly like a deli you'd find in ny/nj.
Awesome fresh market with hot bar and deli, great selection and great prices!
Can't beat their excellent service and fantastic prepared foods.
I know good german food - especially sasuages!!
Grocery prices are common to other arabic stores, but the hot food really sets this place apart.
The food was delicious and staff is very attentive not to mention friendly.
Trader joe's in general: why must you package all your vegetables?
$3 wine, "healthy" (i'm not really sure, but the ingredients definitely read a little better) frozen food.
If you don't like noodles, check out their meat and seafood section.
Did you say asian vegetables to make your favorite asian dish, well this is your one stop shop.
Its clean and has what i need in terms of asian food.
Did i mention there's a food court too?
Beats any other health food shop i've been to in the city.
The lunch buffet was delicious.
The ambience leaves a bit to be desired, but all of the food was seasoned well and fresh.
Hands down this is the best italian deli on the east side.
Best italian food in the valley and it's convenient!
We call in our order and pick up our food.
Sometimes there's a bit of a wait, but that goes to show how delicious their food is!
Overall score:  4.8 stars food: 4.8 stars service: 4.4 stars quality: 4.7 stars cleanliness: 4 stars value: 4 stars
A must try for anybody wondering about the real flavor of brazilian food this is the place!
Portions are really big and that's good b/c i always love the food i get here.
It was delicious and perfectly cooked.
The flavors were very delicate and it was very lightly spiced.
It is an absolute favorite and authentic italian food in arizona.
I've sent so many of my friends here to dine and they all loved the food.
I highly recommend this place for real italian food!
Great food and atmosphere.
What a great deal on great food.
Of course, this 5 star rating is for a $7.99 buffet; i'm sure fancier restaurants would have better food.
My wife is an asian foodie with high standards... she was very content with today's selections.
I'm argentine, and this is the only restaurant i've found in vegas with argentine food!
I met him there, and we went off in search of food.
Fresh, chewy bread, flavorful sausage and red sauce - it was a comfort food happy place for me!
The food and service are consistently good.
They make some amazing food!
(sorry ladies, its true) i love sitting outside, having some wine and just enjoying the food with friends.
This is a german grocery/deli store located next to traders joe.
Love this food city !the cashier's are always helpful and friendly !
The food is good at the food station too!
The quality of food really makes this a must experience experience in calgary.
I can't get indian food where i live.
Green land is the best for their asian cuisine food court.
Great variety in foods.
I was passing by with a friend and decided to check out some fruits.
Good service, very pleasant young woman....  deli looks good.
Go check them out and stock up on great deals on food for the whole family
Great selection of real, non-processed food.
There's always hot organic food ready to eat in the cafe section.
Good size, it was served on a fresh baguette with cranberry preserves and was so delicious.
Seriously, bacon is the greatest food known to man and the meat science bacon multiplies the experience.
I missed having a deli, a fish monger, a bakery, etc.
The prices are low, the quality is high, and the food is usually really fresh.
Best in the area for excellent authentic italian food.
They were so delicious.
But, their food and coffee is high quality and delicious.
Great atmosphere and bakery, hot/cold foods.
I think that this place is absolutely wonderful, with large portions, great food, and low prices!!
The deli is fantastic (delish green chicken tamales + pizza) as is the bakery,too.
Fruit tarts, brownies and pretzel bread are my personal faves.
The crab cakes i took home were delicious.
I also indulge in their prepared foods section from time to time.
:p i like the fresh vegetables.
The food is good, great for meat/pork lovers so not much selection if you aren't a fan of pork.
The veggy starters were nice - coleslaw was delicious!
The prices are fair and there is a food court and bakery with great smells.
I just moved down to huntersville nc and couldn't find a good italian deli until i found this place.
The deli meats and cheeses were outstanding!
The food court seems like a plus as well
Manakeesh has become one of my new favorite foods, they make it so fresh and tasty here.
Even though the line was long, the time it took to order & also get our food was reasonable.
Small little italian deli located off of scottsdale and thomas.
If you're looking for authentic deli meats, treats or just an espresso done right, this place is calling your name.
They also have a small grocery store located within the deli.
If you like genuine food and nice people.
Deli counter personnel a blast, and the soppresato and cappicola very tasty at low prices.
There is also a much larger selection of fruits than i am used to.
With tj's, it is all about their frozen foods, canned items, and snacks (oh yes, the snacks!!).
They have the best food.
I can write a grocery list and food budget knowing what their prices are going to be.
I love korean food so it's no surprise that i like this supermarket.
I also like how within the supermarket there's a food court, small shops, and a bakery.
Love the food and the fun i've shared here with friends.
They have food trucks some nights.
Large selection of fruits, vegetables, seafood and just your overall asian spices, sauces, and snacks.
This place comes with a fully loaded food court.
It is quaint and has a perfect selection of food and goods.
The bakery is decadent and the eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit and oatmeal was delicious!
Clean and delicious food.
The prepared food were fresh, hot and yummy!
Had to wait in line to order, but if the foods good who cares.
I wish it had a bigger  natural food section.
Strongly recommend this place to everyone who loves european food
It's so tasty and cost effective (all the menu items are really affordable for italian food with large portion sizes).
And the best part, it's a ton of food for only $7!!!
It's fast casual style, where you order at a counter and they bring out your food to the table.
But even if there is a wait, they get the food out quickly and it's worth it!
Best italian deli in phoenix valley , bar none.
Just heavenly italian food!
This store has a good selection of items and has excellent specialty areas like meat, deli, floral, and bakery.
I'm half korean and always searching for my groceries to make homemade food from....
Food is not that bad.
I bought my car using costco car buying, i buy my food there, i purchase pretty much everything imaginable there.
Small deli/market/restaurant that delivers the goods and flavors.
Serving locally roasted coffee including roastery of cave creek - "roc2"  to go with their delicious pastries !
Great food variety and friendly customer service.
Wonderful international items prepackaged or fresh in the deli case.
Great place to pick up and sandwich, deli meats and lunch items.
I do like the pre-made food here more than vons and the assortments of spices and international food.
And get cash back at many places...including whole foods!
Anyways, this is straight traditional-quebec-maple-tapping-lumberjack-food at its finest.
You need it to stick to your ribs in true comfort food fashion?
At least that`s what i think i saw since i was approaching food coma status.
Aj's is the big daddy of basha's and food city, but you probably already knew that.
Not a craft boutique that sells food, not a liquor store that sells food, not a bakery that sells food.
Also, people might think that aj's stocks a bunch of natural, organic, gmo free foods but that's not true either.
But, aj's does have something that most of the other stores don't have, except maybe whole foods.
The dessert pastries are light and airy, a must indulge delicacy.
Great food, friendly people, good sized portions!
Starbucks, a nice deli to eat, they revamped the entire store inside and out.
We are happy to make this our new indian food spot!
Samples of food is available on the weekends.
I love store brand indian food packets; add some rice and you have a whole delicious meal for like $2.50.
You go up to the deli counter and order.
The cafeteria here provides some of the most delicious food in las vegas.
I almost forgot to mention the delicious grilled stuffed squid.
We have not gotten any sub par food after many visits.
This is great vegetarian indian food.
The organic fruits and vegetables are plentiful.
Always have really fresh fruit and veggies.
I got daiya key lime cheezecake, which is perfectly tart and delicious.
Staff are friendly, great products as well as to go food.
Behind the counter lies freshly made croissants, macaroons and other delicious sweet treats.
Oh don't forget about the deli.
Another huge part of russian food are cold cuts.
They must put some sort of spread on them that's delicious.
Food clothes snacks electronics glasses jewelry  household items cleaning products health products ect.
------ a whole lot of ice cream for less than 2 bucks at the food court.
----- samples of all types of food for free.
Cons ----- they dont accept credit cards at the food court.
----- limited selection of certain types of food.
Deli and bakery had a great selection and the a.m. vegan burrito blew my mind!
Today, i did a delivery with ubereats grocery.
Walmart.com/grocery it was my first delivery at this walmart.
Little italian deli and marketplace.
I like to go there for specific korean spices and some food.
When we got home there was a perfect amount of food for us both.
Great gas prices, great samples, awesome selection of food, etc etc.
I try a lot of new foods here and end up with cases of it.
Best italian food in arizona that i have found yet!
They have samples on weekends and afternoons, by the food aisles.
I like their prepared foods and deli section, the soups are good and juice, yogurt.
The food court is the savviest place to eat, nothing is over $5.
Best place to get laos food!
So if your wanting good home cooked laos food check this place out!
Amazing cannoli's and great prices on food.
The best & friendliest little market that you will find in zona... and the sandwiches are uber delish!
A very casual setting that belies how amazing the food is!
A great variety of food on the buffet.
Bring your own food....must buy drinks from there.
It's really more of a shop/deli counter but there are about 10-12 tables to dine at too.
I don't know a whoel lot about argentinian food, but i do know they do empanadas and beef!
Fou d'ici is a new downtown épicerie made to highlight the best in locally-produced foods -- hence the "ici."
And, of course, the fruits and vegetables to provide the bases for your weekly cooking.
I come here for paper stuff and essentials like cleaning stuff, soaps and bulk foods when i'm inclined.
Love this place, the staff is amazing and the food is better.
Furthermore, this store has a nice selection of produce (including organic), meats, seafood, dairy, wines, and baked goods.
It is so fresh and delicious!
Good food at decent prices.
All the staff displayed gracious and accommodating demeanors with no attitude over the concern about the food.
Huge menu both regular and deli.
Imagine a charming little farmer's market that sells specialty, gourmet foods.
Breads are baked fresh, cuts of meat and seafood are beautiful arranged, and they've got fancy teas and snacks everywhere.
When you step inside, it's just a delightful experience.
I've been able to try 3 or 4 different types and every one of them have been delicious.
There are lots of options when it comes to food, drinks, convenience items, and mto food.
It is the perfect place to stop for gas, food, drinks, restrooms, etc.
I love coming here to buy affordable yet delicious cakes!
The food from all different cultures here are very cool to check out and the desserts always look amazing!!
Best italian food in town!
The food court is so delicious and cheap.
But i would rather spend my money at sam's convenient food mart.
Good food tucked away in an indian grocery store.
The food was tasty, rich and reminded me of home.
Probably more than 10 times..  just a tad bit pricey in the buffet/ deli section too.
Frenco has an incredible selection of nuts, dried fruit, coffee, grains, & fresh produce too!
Whole foods has a lot of great vegan options which is such a relief.
They now carry unique fruits not available at other stores!
Kumquats, star fruit, rambutan, pluots, grenadillos, tamarillos, gooseberries, cactus pears, etc).
They've got gelato, hot foods, salad bar, huge selection of fresh italian breads.
This is my first yelp review for whole foods on greenvalley parkway.
I usually come to this whole foods about three times a week.
They have your party needs and some interesting products to add to your food.
They have a decent selection of dried fruit products.
It is an unnecessary food.
The food they have at the food court is both cheap and high quality.
The food is good but the environment leaves a bit to be desired.
Since f&e was a food distribution market remodeling to accommodate a tj should be simple process.
The canolis here are also made fresh daily, and are absolutely delicious and loaded with creme.
Best place to buy affordable but delicious cakes!
Lucky girl to have a mom who indulges her foodie appetites.
According to my ukrainian co-worker, all the vegetables and fruits here are supposedly organic.
On every visit, i've found fresh and delicious herbs and veggies.
The quality at smith's and even our beloved whole foods is pretty awful.
The deli here has so many varietals of salamis, hams, and other unidentifiable meats and cheeses.
I'll probably never get through trying them all but  i've sampled 4-5 at random and they've all been quite delicious.
Developing your palate also has to do with experimenting with foods you're not used to.
And it doesn't stop there, they also have cigars and party foods (cheeses, deli/meats).
I usually buy meats and organic fruits from longo's around the corner then head to winco for my asian staples!
Great lunch spot and great deli.
If you're the junk food type of vegan and like things like vegan pizza, cream cheese, ice cream, tofu, etc.
My pasta - 3 -4 times now - always al dente', always delicious.
I have been eating here my whole life, and it is true argentine food.
And we had beauty as our waitress she so generous and the food was delicious!!
When this whole foods first open, it seems too overpriced and it didn't seem worth it.
I frequent the other two grocers a lot too and are in a similar grocery category  as whole foods.
The cosmetics/ beauty/ natural health foods area is always clean, in stock and organised.
This is one of those hidden gems that delivers amazingly delicious food, attentive service and a great wine selection.
I love the food court out in front.
It has all sorts of food to try out.
Arnica and health foods....all they need is an absinthe bar and they'd be perfect.
This place is true authentic italian food.
This is a neat grocery store because it has tons of asian foods, which is not common.
It has alcohol, produce, frozen food, a bakery, two restaurants, and i believe a medicine area.
My boyfriend, who hates seafood, does complain everytime we go there about the smell of fish.
We went to whole foods last night for some treats.
One of those items was the rich and delicious chocolate moose pie.
I will be back to whole foods!
Best food, great selection of food, super suggestions and help.
You can also buy italian ice cream there...love the food and love the market!
Inquiring for their hours of operations  and curious about what type of laos hot food they had ready made.
Some of their vegetables are fresh and others are wilted.
The two sweet lady working behind the hot deli section, what a gem, they are informative with my many questions.
The store has some really good items, like authentic korean foods and wares.
My only complaint is the vegetable department.
They have fabulous prepared food and wonderful fresh fruit.
Pros:  - a variety of fresh dishes - cleaned, cut and packaged fruit (such as sliced mango, pineapple, etc.)
They are similar to whole foods but with better prices.
They have great organic and healthy food and all kinds of wines and beers.
But the food is great.
I totally think wine should be it's own food group!
I love family foods!
Seemed like i got a lot more food when getting it to go as well.
This was probably my favorite middle easter/mediterranean food grocery store that we found during our time in vegas.
All in all, it's a pretty good place to shop if your looking for some of the middle eastern/mediterranean foods!
I've been to this particular food 4 less numerous times... usually when i'm drunk.
They make authentic middle eastern baked breads that are delicious.
Bottom line the food is great and at 7.99 its affordable.
Love korean or japanese food?
I haven't tried the food court yet, but i might next time because the photos look yummy!
I haven't seen skate or fresh uni anywhere else, and the marinated bulgogi is delicious!
And a plethora of beautiful handcrafted chocolate delights.
Great little place, i love the grocery store concept with the deli.
If i want fancy canned goods, rare game or fruits unknown, i'll go to the appropriate market.
I had read reviews of spoiled fruit and bug-laden flour.
The deli counters were unique and adventurous.
I told him i wanted a burrito, but they were all out in the deli.
It's not aj's fine foods, but it doesn't have to be.
Everyone always treat me very good and the food is very yummy.
Their deli corner is well-stocked, with delicious bresaola, viande de grison and roast beef, among other things.
I come here frequently for takeout food and dining sometimes as well.
Their salads are huge and delicious.
The atmosphere is delightful and enjoyable.
Ok, ok, i'll keep it food related.
It is also a deli, they sell meats and other argentinian treats for you to take home and prepare.
This restaurant is not big or fancy but when the food is this good, you won't mind at all.
Steven at the deli made ordering an experience.
The food is so healthy and so delicious that any other place pales supremely in comparison.
The vegetables here are bigger and last longer, stay fresh forever, the choices you get are just mind boggling.
I like this grocery store especially for canned items, dairy, some fruit and vegetables and frozen things.
This is not a good place for salads, fresh ready to eat meal items or deli meat or cheeses.
Korean owned asian supermarket... they have fruit from california for a reasonable price.
Recommend this place if you're visiting and you need your italian food fixing!
Their deli meats are local as well as smoked in house.
Vegetable are not very fresh here, sometimes they do have some special varieties that is hard to find.
Think the deli dept is getting better since the past year, overall, good
To the people complaining about the fish smell, this is a seafood market!
Shop here if you want fresh, fairly priced seafood.
Not you typical outdoor farmers market but has the same organic/healthy food items.... kale chips, fresh produce, veggies...grains etc..
Love the fresh fruits/veggies, great prices on stocking up on essentials.
Worst part is the crowded parking lot--but that's because the food is great!
It has a surprising variety of foods (fresh, frozen, and grab-and-go), toiletries, and other household goods.
Let's not forget the catch seafood restaurant snack dab in the back of the store.
It is all about experience at this whole foods.
Overall a great place to get some food by the pound and go somewhere else to enjoy it...
Staff was great + food was awesome + price was very reasonable = very satisfied customer!
Their liquor and deli sections are probably the best out of the supermarkets in the area as well.
Authentic food , great service , owner owned they r the sweetest !!
Some of the best dishes i've tried were vegetables like the cauliflower and okra.
The chicken was delicious and moist.
I used to live and breathe their hot food section.
This is just a small local market but they cook & serve food here too.
They have a great looking deli counter.
For years now i have loved to visit this joe's for the wonderful food and items they carry.
Fantastic staff great food hard to find items  great value on certain exclusive products
And this isn't some tiny health food store, it's a full-on, grab your cart and get lost grocery store.
The food is delicious from the appetizers all the way to the dessert.
Best italian food in arizona there is no other restaurant that i mind me of back "east" more.
To our relief, they sell it in the bulk section for $1.99/lbs at whole foods!
Honestly, i love whole foods for certain items.
I have to say this place is hit or miss for me due to service and food choice.
It's a cute deli that sells italian imported pastas, sauces, wines, etc.
Excellent selection, fresh food, the people at the fish counter are very helpful.
Super yummy authentic indian food!
Great food ok service.
Salads we bought were a bit pricey but they were delicious.
I may be a little biased, but 5 stars for my peoples food!
They also have a small food court with decent korean food!
Hands down the best italian food in the valley!
I really have nothing negative to say about the food...every time it is delicious!
It's a smallish corner store/ deli...not a full table service restaurant.
The food does some times take a while, but it is well worth the wait...and the price!
(they offer wine selections with their food too)  this is definitely one of my favorite spots!
I couldn't have said it better than vivian s. she pretty much covered everything regarding the food court here.
Greenland supermarket is a little gem for visitors who want to experience something better (like diversity of asian food, etc.)
I like the fact that i can purchase healthy food nearby is great.
There is a bitterness from it that is not masked just by fruit juice, slices, and soda water.
I used some diet squirt and it turned out delicious.
I love this place simply because of the fresh laotian and thai food.
In addition to the awesome food you can get here, i scored a great mortle and pestle for $10.00.
I'm glad they have a food court.
Fast service, delicious food & reasonable price.
The grocery part of the store has a great selection of caribbean food, seasonings and drinks.
Which offers a huge variety of caribbean food that they prepare fresh daily.
Mixed with the rice and peas and veggies it was absolutely delicious!!!
A delicious unusual place.
Everything was delicious and tasted freshly made unlike the olive garden variety of italian restaurants.
Their rates are great considering the quantity and quality of the food.
Yep, like they all said, quality food @ reasonable prices.
Amongst miles of big box and chain-store hell, sits this excellent resource for organic vegetables, healthy food and responsible products.
What an incredibly delicious menu they have for amazing prices!
I highly recommend the turkey delight and macaroni salad, they're both great.
The food and the staff are the absolute best things about this place.
I will never stop going to this place, i love the people and the food, maybe in that order!
Something like whole foods but a bit more expensive in some items.
Was in the area and came across this little deli.
If i lived closer this would definitely be my go to sandwich deli.
They have a delicious pastry cold case with lemon bars, cannolis, and various italian desserts.
I love whole foods!
I come from a culinary background so it is amazing to see so many foods from around the world.
I do my regular grocery shopping at walmart, then buy my foods for breakfast, and lunch here at whole foods.
They carry organic vegetables and fruits, fresh bread and desserts.the individual cake portions are such a great idea.
I love the deli, and the cheese section.
I always get the salad bar and it tastes delish.
It is much smaller than whole foods, but i always walk away with a better salad.
They have a great deli with a lot of friendly people, but that can get very busy as well.
It is a bit small, and very basic menu, but the food is good.
The ethnic food section is varied and cheap!
Honestly i can't wait until they do delivery that is promised.
Very quick with getting the food out, clean, friendly and great atmosphere!
You can even take your pups on the patio  reminds me of the amazing italian food back in pgh!
You can get super delicious meals that almost no effort for a really cheap price.
Their fruit is better than any grocery store i can find.
Absolutely the best (and cheapest) deli in the area by far, the bulk spices and pantry area is insane!
Almost every single time i've been to this location they had killer free samples of food and drinks.
Yum :)   trader joes is a more affordable whole foods.
There is a deli case with prepared foods.
Now, on to the food.
I had veal sweetbreads to start and holy delicious!
Organic supermarket with a large prepared food item area, it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.
Fruits and veggies are really nice here, quality and organic.
Try the food court to the right; i recommend island style.
I love the snack foods available at greenland market i.e., cookies and chips.
Is it an organic grocery store, a la whole foods?
Instead, it's a posh high-end grocery store with only the gourmet food items.
I also usually peruse their cheese selection and pick up some of their very nice deli meats.
Food is delicious, store is beautiful and clean, and a huge assortment of items to choose from.
Abundant selection of european, russian and polish foods.
Had to check out defalco's after seeing all the popularity on food network shows and such.
Food: some of the best italian sandwiches i've ever had outside of new york city.
Server: they bring your food out to your table with your number, but no real server here.
Hosting: no hosting, just order in line like a deli shop.
Ambiance: casual, comfortable deli-like atmosphere.
The food here has always been of amazing quality and consistency and absolutely delicious.
High quality previously prepared foods with a great variety.
Talk about foodie nirvana; the italian sausage sandwich does it for me.
I keep coming here because the food is excellent and the pricing is reasonable.
They also have a thriving deli.
The fruit  that was out was not as fresh as i would have liked.
The lady working seen me picking through it and told me she had fresh fruit coming out for me.
Loved the atmosphere here and the food court was amazing.
The wide selection of korean beauty products, food, and house products are amazing!!!!
I loved the food from the restaurant the prices are fair and food is flavorful and delicious.
I stopped going to this place since i got a job at whole foods.
I had a delicious king cake made for my nola-born hubby for fat tuesday, it was reasonably priced, too.
They have a great selection of fruits & vegetables, baked goods, and hot foods.
The food is also very tasty and are of good quality.
Friendly people and great food.
Great food, i had the steak platter, the meat was cooked to perfection and tasted wonderful.
Fiesta has great fruits and vegetables and they have a sincere focus on local sourcing.
He's extremely knowledgeable about what fruits and vegetables are best that week.
Food is as close to italy without buying an airline ticket!
There's a wide variety in the food court and portions are pretty big.
I arrived during happy hour, so i was able to try the vegetable frites app (orig.
From the dinner menu, i chose the steak frites ($18), perfectly-seared medium-rare sliced hanger steak and delicious mixed fries.
The vegetable frites were beautiful to look at and so much fun to eat!
Even chef beau came out a couple of times to see if i were enjoying the food.
So the baby fell asleep while her mommy was wondering the aisles, so i stopped by their food court.
The food section is a bit of a mini grocery store.
Great food, produce, beer and wine selections.
This is a great addition to the downtown food scene!
From food to bed & bathroom items, walmart is the place!
Seafood tastiness- crab that is that huge for only $20.00 per pound?
It is not fast food so kick back and enjoy the food.
The food, fruit and veggies are fresh.
And it's l much smaller than whole foods, which i appreciate.
Great food and pretty good prices on the food.
Years and years of tutti fruitti.
Wish i had bought a whole bunch n foodsaver-ed them frozen.
You see, i have this terrible thing called "food allergies."
Win number one :) by now my order is up--$9 for enough food for two dinners--ein number two!
It was all delicious and fresh--even the olive oil drizzled on the hummus was an excellent quality.
Great deli and italian market.
The hot food selection always smells good  and have goodies available.
Since it's a deli, there's no waitstaff.
Also, i watch packers put poultry with other foods in same bag without asking, no, no.
The food was great; calzone, ravioli, and linguine were all yummy.
Their philly cheese steak is so so delicious!
It is no longer a supermarket, but it is italian gourmet grocery store, with oodles of beautifully prepared foods.
There is still a deli, a smaller bakery, and an upscale butcher.
But the real impetus is now prepared foods.
They had fridges full of beers, wines, and foods such as salads, and sandwiches.
The deli was filled with tasty sweet treats, cheeses, and small plates behind glass windows.
Taking orders, greeting guests, taking out and making the food.
An incredible selection of dried health food products (bulk, crackers, raw snacks).
The best part about this place is it's selection of superfood supplements for rockin' superfood smoothies!
A great italian deli on par with the best italian delis in the us.
I was thoroughly satisfied with how authentic and fresh the food was.
There is a relatively large selection of fresh fruits and vegetables all offered at extremely reasonable prices.
And i have just discovered fresh shanghai noodles for $1.29 - delicious!!!
Lee's has the highest quality grocery store next door to greenland to keep their food fresh for diners.
Drank some awesome french wines, and eat delicious duck confit and some spicy mussels as an appetizer.
If you love new orleans food, or just good food and wine in general, you gotta check this place out!
I would love to come back and have some more food.
They serve nathan's hotdogs which are delicious and with the soda is only $1.50.
I feel so lucky to have a whole foods in my neighbourhood.
But whole foods is so much more than groceries.
They have a great deli section.
Great market with wide variety of spices, olives oils, cheeses, olives, and other meditteranean foods.
This restaurant/cafe has the perfect combination of french/new orleanian food & beverage options.
Plus a great wine selection & authentic french food offerings.
Looking for some spice in your life or perhaps some south asian groceries, kohinoor foods is where it is at!
Their produce section is descent, usually outside, they have an assortment of south asian fruits and vegetables.
In the land of frozen foods, trader joe's is king!
Definitely not a 5 star restaurant but good food served in an italian grocery.
Love this whole foods better than yonge.
#ajs fine foods is an excellent source for your vegan whole foods.
On par with whole foods.
We were looking for a non-commercial chain sandwich shop with really good food.
Favourite whole foods in the gta.
Had to grab some food before work today and only had about 5 minutes.
I have more of an interest in japanese food but indian food and products have always made me curious.
Rani's is like your normal ethnic store with food, mini restaurant, and a bit of accessories.
It's your one stop shop for all your asian, specifically korean food and accessory items.
This store provides fresh fruit and veggies, meats and all your other supermarket needs.
I was impressed how delicious their pastelitos de guayaba..wow!
Fruits/veggies are average..  would give it 5/5 if they carried presidents choice stuff
As an arab it's hard to find middle eastern food that satisfies me.
Environment  seemed like they had a little deli section to the right.
No better way to do it than through food that reminds me of home.
Their pre-made hot food (i.e.
Food isn't the only thing they sell here.
Greenland has an amazing food court!
Have a craving for some jjajangmyun (black bean noodles) or jjamppong (korean spicy seafood soup)?
They have a little boba/coffee/snow ice shop adjacent to the food court to satisfy your sweet tooth.
New international market specializing in eastern european delicacies.
There are also ready to eat hot food specials available (wienerschnitzel, blintzes, etc.).
Food and accents are extremely authentic.
The great food, the grocery section, the cramped seating (it gives character).
Easily my favorite homemade italian food joint.
I had the pasta with clam sauce and it was delicious.
Also a great selection of latin american food products at reasonable prices
Officially the tallest cheesecake i have ever seen and what a delicious slice.
Produce was fresh, premade food is very affordable.
This is for their deli.
I really wanted a sandwich and decided to pop in to safeway and give their deli a try.
I love the selection of food at eden.
I come here to load up on frozen or prepared asian foods and snacks.
Went after xmas..great beer and some good specials..huge wide aisles, nice cheese selection and other party food..i will be back!!
A great place to get the staples like onions, avocados, beans, rice, fruit, bread, oil, etc.
They have  food court and some shops inside of supermarket.
Great produce, good selection of healthier brands of food and health products.
Across from the food court is l'epid'or bakery, a wonderful korean bakery.
This is a great italian grocery, and they have delicious prepared foods.
I really wish the hawaiian place served lumpia and portuguese donuts but i digress, the spam musubi was quite delish.
The dosas are great, the tandoori chicken is fabulous, the butter chicken is awesome and the naan is delicious.
And they deliver; which none of the other indian restaurants do.
All tj devotees are already familiar with the great service and delicious food selections.
To my delight it was terrific.
The "restaurant" also is a meat deli and you can buy the meats to take home.
We never felt rushed and our party enjoyed a long discussion with food served at a perfect pace.
Way more local produce, much larger salad bar and prepared foods section, and more events.
I stopped by for some non-plastic wear (cups and bowls) and was delighted to see their fun juice/coffee bar.
The food is cheap and good.
They have a great hot-food and meat department as well.
Good food for a fair price; love the value.
Some may say i am biased, but they don't know how picky i am with food, especially russian food!
It is my favorite deli in the phoenix metro area.
It's not dirt cheap, but high quality food is worth the moderate price.
The food here blows every other mediterranean restaurant in the area (aladdin's, lyla's taza, sahara, etc) away!
The food alone would easily give this place a 5-star rating but it get's even better!
I will definitely be visiting often and this has now become by go-to mediterranean food place!
The food all in was solid with a couple of snags.
They brought us the food then, and while good, the alfredo was lukewarm, meaning it was sitting up there ready.
Just a guess that the delivery guy was picking off the lower numbers, or going random.
Tina's is an eastern european delight.
I recommend this cute little store to anyone looking for quality sausage and foods from eastern europe.
The dining area is a bit spartan, but the food and good service make up for it.
I based my opinion strictly on it being a deli.
Five stars for the steak, but considering the overall food and ambiance experience, i give it four stars.
The cinnamon rolls are literally the most delicious treat i've ever consumed!
Food is really fresh and well cooked.
I usually get mixed grilled veggies and they are delish.
It's my convenience, grocery, health food and potion store all in one!
I just had the most delicious po boy sandwich.
The selection in general is great for home goods, food and wine, and decorations.
This place is top notch when it comes to fresh deli sandwiches!
A great neighbourhood health food store!
Someone here has en eye for true quality instead of fake "healthy" food.
Such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats.
A few ounces at the health food store is over $10!
Great service and nice foodcourt as well.
I popped into safeway today to grab some fruit to make fruit salad and some wine.
A wealth of information, even taking the time to help me pick one, giving me advice on ripening fruit fast.
Everything was good, but there was much more food than we needed.
They have a great selection of prepared food and more options to choose from.
Their food is great, everything is fresh.
Like all other trader joe's it has competitive prices for european food such as "cornichons", dijon mustard, creme fraiche.
The food is amazing.
I also tried a chicken samosa, which is also delicious.
They have tons of fresh deli food and i took home some hummus.
I even find things i need that has nothing to do with korean food.
Prompt checkouts and nice selection of veggies and fruits.
The food inside the market place is well prepared and is always wonderful.
Andre is always in the vegetable section and every time i come he is surprisingly always there !
The service was great if not better than the food.
Great produce, meat, cheese and deli.
Its just too much food, goes soggy before your hungry enough to eat the rest.
The right amount of size, warmth, sweetness, crunchiness and softness it was just delicious.
Across the board, marc's food costs me less money than other groceries.
From fresh produce to scented candles, from vitamins to essential oils to dry foods and potent elixirs_its all there.
The costco food court is simply amazing.
Costco's food court is delicious and nutritious.
The food is full of flavour and more like gourmet fast food.
This is the place to go for fresh fish and seafood, forget the supermarket.
Also a great selection of frozen food as well.
The sea food department is out standing.
.. really enjoy the freshness & delicious taste of my meals, when i shop from this place!...
They have unique worldly foods and drinks that i would recommend.
I am a "seafoodie" and a "freshfoodie".
Their noodles are creamy and delicious.
Delightful selection and decent pricing.
We even go so far as buying mint and berries at food 4 less and muddling our own cocktails.
Especially love maria and her delicious products which seem to attract all of us hungry shoppers over to her table.
Good home goods store and an interesting selection of specialty foods and wine.
With some hopefully tasty flavorful food.
Legit italian deli with awesome made to order sandwiches, plenty of pre-made dinner items, and really good looking fresh meat.
The first deli display you see on the right is full of sandwich meats and cheeses.
I highly recommend this place to every local i discuss food with.
Awesome selection of ready to eat korean side dishes as well as great seafood.
Their food court is amazing!
If you happen to live in the area, this whole foods will be ideal for you.
The deli was busy, people in/out, and it smelled freaking amazing.
Great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.
Interesting variety of food.
The only thing is every once and a while you'll find some basic food item isn't even available here.
Delicious birthday cakes plus great prices on beverages and ready to eat appetizers and entrees.
This is like actual food.
Not restaurant food, oversalted and overcooked and lukewarm under the heat lamps.
This is homecooked food.
Most indian restaurants oversalt and overseason to the point where you can't taste the food.
Four stars for now, just for the quality of the food.
This little local italian deli and grocery store is awesome!
The deli here is stocked with pasta salads, sandwiches, and other italian delicacies.
Oceans offers often discounted prices on their selection of asian produce, fish & seafood, meats.
They also have hot food like dim sum and they have the usual prepared sushi, chinese buns and bakery.
It is a plus that it has a food court too.
The restaurant reminded me of a mom and pop italian deli.
There is a large deli display case filled with goodies that greets you when you walk in.
The food was delicious!
We were a party of 5 and there was plenty of food to go around.
Delicious beef and chicken wraps, plus an assortment of baklava and other goodies to choose from.
This is my boyfriend's favorite deli and he has been going for quite some time.
I love jones deli.
My favorite things:   baltika 7 beer, the "russian salad", "russian cheese", and doktorskaya bologna in the deli section.
The chicken fettuccini alfredo is delicious!
This is one of those market/deli/restaurants that are worth the awkward set up.
If you love food, do yourself a favor and go check this place out.
2/27/2107 - tonite i ate lasagña at defalco's and it was delicious!
Excellent food, large portions and great prices.
Cleanliness of a canadian grocery with products and prices of and asian foodmart.
A great selection of asian products, including some delicious ginger candies.
Food and staff are wonderful...i would highly recommend this to anyone for a cozy breakfast with your better half.
Their  italian sausage is made daily and is super fresh and delicious.
Whole foods is my fantasy wonderland!
I constantly default to whole foods in henderson.
Real water can be purchased by the case at whole foods.
You can find chinese, korean, some japanese, and south east asian, and indian food types here.
From marinated meats to cooked foods; japanese candy to cookware and hair dye, this place has it all.
Count us in as fans for sure and nice to have a good italian deli/eatery to enjoy a meal.
My family and i always come here for all our asian food needs.
Being from hawaii we are so used to having the asian flavors in our food.
Super cheap lunch that fills you up and feels on the verge of healthy up at the deli counter.
I rejoice in the cheap asian food basics and i'm so happy that i can get my necessities (watercress anyone?)
This place is very similar to foody mart in terms of offerings and atmosphere, but it is cleaner.
There is a food court with a coffee restaurant, clothes store, beauty store, salon, bank, bakery, and mbc store.
Great food, good service, wonderful groceries!
Best indian food i have ever had, special ingredient used is love of uncle and aunty,
Food was great, family oriented, service was excellent.
If you are looking for quick, great food at a reasonable price, defalco's will not disappoint.
If you are in the scottsdale area and looking for italian food, defalco's is a must.
Yes, phoenix is sadly not known for having the best chinese food.
Who knew...polite people that are willing to serve and food properly prepared...am i still in pittsburgh?
Not to mention the great prices and high quality food.
Trader joes over whole foods any day
My new favorite place to get italian food.
Fantastic selection of spices and fresh fruits and veggies.
Generally they carry a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Sometimes they run out of these items, but they will let you know when the next delivery will be.
Deli meats include a large variety of turkey based products, so it's possible to avoid beef if you like.
In addition to the usual stock of kosher food, the owners import several fresh israeli foods, including hummus.
Really good italian food with a grocery store attached.
I'm of argentine heritage and can confirm that this is authentic argentine food.
Both delicious and the alfajores were exactly like you get in argentina.
Keep up the great food & service!
Other than that i love this place everyone's nice welcoming and food is always fresh
There is a sushi chef on duty during the day or you can grab pizza or sandwich from the deli.
If you are going to compare food basics with loblaws you may want to consider not stepping in this store.
Good food and a pretty good selection of groceries.
Very authentic food and a wide selection of it.
Fiesta farms is a foodie paradise.
They have such a great selection of organics and imported food items.
The garden center is beautiful - huge variety of flowers, plants, herbs and vegetables and all sorts of garden supplies.
Sa-sa-sa-sa-salad, soups  defalco's italian grocery is my new favorite italian deli sandwich shop.
You can purchase your deli meats, olive oils, and wine here!
The wine selection is quite large and the deli meats are from the best -- boar's head of course!
The pastrami was delightful as i ordered it on a baguette bread.
I enjoyed the made to order chinese food (i got stir-fried wide rice noodles & jiajiang mian).
We were both very satisfied with the breadth of the selection: frozen foods, produce, salty & sweet snacks, soft drinks.
The omnipresent crowds here speak volumes about the quality of their food.
The food is delicious, the portions huge, the prices reasonable.
They have food and side dishes already made in case you can't cook.
This place is a real jewel, only authentic italian deli i have found here in arizona.
Try the cheesesteak on the italian baguette (crispy outside soft inside)  pasta, deli you can't go wrong here.
Since the mexicans took it over, it's been nothing but good food at a reasonable price.
Indian comfort food and grocery.
Everything is made fresh right as you order it...the vegetables chopped, the dishes spiced.
Cheap price for so much food including dessert!
You'd never guess looking from the outside how great the food is.
The food is fresh, delicious, and incredible.
I dont have a single bad thing to say about these folks or their amazing food.
Price is much lower than whole food.
If you love nuts, they have a great variety of nuts & dried fruit for a good price.
I love how they have reasonably priced organic fruits, eggs, dairy & other food items as well.
It's cool because they have a sample counter for their food, coffee & juice of the day.
Parking is plentiful and they also have a food court which the wife and i haven't sampled yet.
The best place for prepared food, groceries, wine and coffee in downtown!
Plenty of food and a all veg assortment of food.
Both were delicious but mine tasted better.
I love love love indian food and this place is the best place in town to vegetarian variety.
Food here is always great.
Excellent quality and variety fish and seafood !
Service was great, food even better.
I recommend this place for a great chill experience with wonderful food!
I could spend a good couple hours looking through the aisles and testing all the different foods.
I just wanted to let people know that della in the deli section was awesome today!
I love this place we order food once every two weeks consistently.
I've also been happy with the cut fruit i've gotten there.
When our food arrived, we were treated to all kinds of good stuff!
The sauces were delightful!
Bread heavenly with a crispy crust, just enough mayo and mustard, delicious cheese, and tasty meats.
Rincon service was very good and the food was very good.
The smells were delish!
Just like the food!!
This is the best place to buy food.
The food is not expired it is at a very good cost and it is from good sources.
Each are delicious, moist, and fresh.
The quesadillas are delicious as well.
Tacos are one of my favorite foods and i had high expectations for las palmas and it 100% delivers.
Garlic sauce is super delicious and the garnishes are very fresh!
It is delicious, do yourself a favour and go try it!
Their sake collection is above average and fresh fruits and vegetables are vibrant--always carrying seasonal produce.
It may not have fresh air like whole foods but fresh fish and produce await you.
Everything is so delicious.
We live around the corner and are big time foodies.
We've purchased the following from off the hook and it was all fresh and delicious!
It's a large one and has a huge variety of korean foods,  including some i haven't seen elsewhere.
There's a food court out in front of the supermarket.
There's a lot of good food that you can buy for a cheap price.
Between sales and clearance i'm able to get a lot of food for little money.
The steamer meals are made with fresh produce, taste delicious, and freeze beautifully, i stock up when they're on clearance.
Delicious beef cheese steak sandwich.
The red sauce was delicious.
Rich with flavor...   casual environment, you order at the counter and they deliver your food to your table.
Wonderful deli with delicious food!
Love the food, real authentic brazilian!
This is a lovely bakery and has tasty food.
In fact, the only negative really is having to choose between delicious argentinian beef or succulent seafood.
So many delicious choices... ahhh.
My daughter had the italian combo and it was delicious.
I've had some of the premade food from the back and it's of good quality.
The food court is not open yet but it is coming soon according to the billboards.
Lots of fresh veggies and fruits.
Other than that, the sandwiches and salads are delicious and i will continue returning!
They looked delicious, and were huge.
Lots of variety and even a food court.
Iam not korean people, but i like korean food.
Before inside market , they have korean food court too, to many item korean food they sale.ready to eat.
If i go again to vegas, iam not worry about the food.
If you like korean food, i recommend this place.
The downsized store doesn't have live seafood, an eatery, or a bakery.
Authentic italian food in the middle of an italian grocery store- good for eating in or to go.
Seems like a convenience store but really more of a deli/grocery.
Quality of food was excellent!
I was worried that the wife order the wrong thing, ( ruben) but it was delicious.
But both were fresh and delictable.
And the olives here are super cheap and delicious!
New, clean, great price for sea food, meats, fruits, veggie and lot more!
Asia style small grocery market with sweet ladies make home-made food!
Kinda like a pusatari's, with a lot of brands that whole foods sells for the same or less.
They offer every type of food product in bulk you could think of.
Meats, seafood, produce, snacks, stuff for fundraising, desserts etc.
Best little secret in vegas for good argentinian food.
Unfortunately, it is an asian food city.
That's ok though, i can dig an asian food city.
~the good~ the vegetable selection is out of this world.
The meat selection looks good as well, especially the seafood, which has a ton of different fishes.
~the bad~ with the good comes the bad, especially the unsightly open tanks filled with the fish and seafood.
It smells "interesting" in the meat/seafood section, hence the reason i usually do not get anything there.
I get my rice, asian fruits, veggies, nori, and korean bbq and banchan from here.
Felt it was a little too expensive for the amount of food, but i guess you pay for the flavor.
I had recently converted to judaism, so i've been trying out a bunch of new foods and recipes.
They have a lot of things in terms of paper plates, utensils, food containers, etc.
We usually order their delicious pasteis, cheese, chicken and cheese and doce de leite and the coxinha which is amazing.
I'm not sure if people are aware of how delicious their fruit pies are!
The fruit isn't mushy and the price point is great for the size and quality of the pies!
To begin with, i love organic fruits and vegetables which they have plenty of!
I also throughly enjoy the fact they have healthier versions of potato chips and snack food which taste the same.
The food is so delicious and the desserts also.
While are both delish, the chicken shawarmas in my opinion are significantly better.
For the price, quality and amount of food it's one of the best deals in the city by far.
The best italian deli ever!!!!!!!!!
He seems happiest when spending time talking to his customers about the food he and his team are creating.
(so, for those of you yelping via the iphone app, sangeetha is truly the rightful "duchess" of rani's world foods.
This is an awesome place for simple reasonable price food in las vegas.
Their thali and parathas are delicious.
This place has solid italian food!
Definitely recommend this place, a foodies dream!
They were both a delight to be around, and jason kept us entertained throughout the firearm purchasing process.
Go there to stock up on hard-to-find indian food and spices.
I like the variety at whole foods.
I know people misinterpret organic options as being just "health" food, but a lot of the items are healthy.
The pre-cooked foods look really good, and even in a grocery store i like the ambiance.
If i'm ever having a craving something heavy garlicy and delicious i go here.
Their prepared foods are wonderful--a great place to grab lunch, or even dinner for the family.
I have lived all over the country, and have frequented all the whole foods stores.
There is one person that sets this whole foods apart from the rest, however- debbie at the cheese/deli counter.
The best whole foods in vegas hands down!
The salad bar/hot food bar area has a great selection.
The food was amazing.
The quality sound of the food is excellent.
This rivals the store near la jolla-my favorite whole foods.
Best russian food store in vegas.
Too tempting for someone who grew up with that food)
I've been looking for french food in the valley for a while now.
The food is excellent and the service was wonderful as well.
Even my 2 year old ate a ton of food!
This is a dandy little italian deli * grocery that's highly satisfying and interesting!
They have great soups, salads, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, and other delicious things.
Orders are taken at a counter and piping hot food comes to the table in a rush in mouth-watering fashion.
Tables are available indoors and outdoors, with grocery shelves loaded with many italian food treasures.
They always package up day old foods so you can get a pretty good deal on that.
Seafood selection - its good quality, but not the biggest, its pretty small actually.
It seems like every fruit and produce was hand selected.
So many unique things from furniture, to kitchen and dining, to foods, coffees, and alcohol.
Love the vegetarian food options!
Delicious every time :)) thank you!
Usually, ordering indian food at restaurants take 15-30 minutes of wait but here it's ready in less than 5!
Its also the cheapest feta they have at the deli
Also the food court has new restaurants
Being from baltimore, i love seafood!
I walked in to grocery/restaurant with deli counter with plenty of seating throughout.
My sandwich was very delicious with homemade tomato sauce and juicy chicken with melted cheese!
Very delicious   i will be back
The meat and seafood section is worth a visit to see how the 1%'s eat.
I also went by the deli for some premium pastrami and the bread rack for a great smelling brooklyn rye.
They have a great selection of different food and fresh produce.
They also have a pretty awesome food court.
Every week i check the ad for their wednesday and thursday specials which have fruit, veggies and sometimes bulk beans.
I know many people complain at the prices of whole foods.
I feel like i am back in my hometown deli in south jersey.
It came with the mixed vegetables with creamy sauce, rice, vegetable curry, nan, chapati and the desert of the day.
Defalco's can get pretty busy during lunch time so if you're looking to get food quickly, i'd suggest ordering ahead.
I also had their chicken salad sandwich recently and it's just as delicious!!
Good selection of filipino/asian ingredients and foodstuffs.
They fry fish to order and have hot food offerings as well.
This was my first time having brazilian food and it was really good.
I had chicken and  cheese pastel and a #9 both were delicious.
The service was good as well, quick food and a good waiter.
This is my ideal italian restaurant, great food, authentic experience, but not uppity.
It's my number one place to go for healthy and affordable name-brand food close to oakland.
Don't come here expecting a cheap whole foods.
She did the cake exactly as i described and it was so delicious!
I really enjoy defalco's because of its unique atmosphere and the exceptional, authentic italian food.
Defalco's is a family-owned italian deli and market.
The gnocci was incredibly light and slightly chewy; again, another incredibly delicious dish!
The food here is excellent.
I will definitely come back again for the food.
A lot of great choice of health food and products.
They also have a good range of different types of sugar, asian ingredients, dried foods.. really, the whole gamut.
The smell, the feel, the look, the food, and the staff, it all takes you there.
My husband spent a year stationed in south korea, so he's developed a love for korean food.
The food court is amazing!
I was introduced to coxinhas from this restaurant from a friend, and they are delicious!!
Local henderson whole foods for all the local green valley ranch residents!
Being from boston, italian food is a necessity.
This is the first authentic grocer / deli that delivers absolutely delicious food & generous portions.
Visit salim and you'll be in and out pretty quickly with a delicious, generously portioned gyro.
The baklava and other desserts in the case are also delicious and everything is reasonably priced.
This fry's has a great selection of natural foods!
I am partial to the seafood counter and the cheese connoisseurs because they are always so helpful.
Decent supermarket...  deli & salad sections are very tiny and barely stocked other than the usual olives...
If your looking to make homemade traditional mexican food this is the best place for you.
Second best resonable prices on ingredients compared to reyna foods in the strip district.
Their hot foods section and outdoor tortilla bar is worth a visit but you will need cash.
Ample selection of bakery items, fresh fruits and vegetables.
So full and delicious.
I literally have no complaints with whole foods.
It's a supermarket chain that specializes in organic food so yes, the prices are not what you would consider cheap.
I stop at whole foods at least twice a week just for drinks and random items.
If you crave good food and pretty girls behind the counter, this is the place.
Had the eggplant parm sandwich - (half - it was a huge half), and it was so delicious.
They have boars head deli meat, which is just the best.
It is very convenient and has all the right food necessities for a quick run to the store.
Superior deli, akin to eatzi's  in dallas.
Lots of fancy pre made foods, scads of high end dressings, spices and other food adornments.
This italian deli and coffee stop has gourmet sandwiches and quality coffees.
If you want to eat something that isn't fast food or chain fare, check this place out.
It can get a little crowded because of the grocery shelving and displays, but the food makes up for it.
They have a deli counter with by the pound deliciousness.
The menu is straight forward and nicely divided into "vegetable dishes" and "non-vegetable" dishes.
The food was great, fresh, full of flavor and so far no ill affects on the digestive tract.
They have a lot of other great gourmet food items in the store too.
Everything i've tried (which is about half the menu) is delicious, and the store is full of great italian goods.
Cute little place with great food.
As always when i visit any sprouts, i was extremely delighted with variety of prepared and fresh food options.
I do have to say the deli is my favorite section.
They were a little stingy on the pickles this visit but the food was excellent.
Great food , affordable prices and warming service.
The best grocery store ever.........well for some stuff not meat,milksome basics  the hummus,coffee,bread,fruit,and meals are my favorites.
The food is absolutely delicious and authentically italian!
It's a little pricey but not horrible and comparable to whole foods and the likes.
Their specialty is fresh seafood and they have one of the largest selection around the area.
Vegetables and fruits are mostly great.
Once in a while, you'll find the english vegetables or fruits subpar (like broccoli).
I think it's cause most people shop here for asian veggies and fruits so those things sit a little longer.
I do like how they have great things though like jackfruit, longon, lychee, and dragonfruit.
I know, its annoying to all you az peeps when i say, "i grew up in ny with good food."
It ain't quiznos or subway, this is good food.
Excellent hot/cold sub options for lunch, or prepared foods for dinner.
Authentic style laos and thai food.
I love how this place gives you the option on which style of food you'd like.
He gave suggestions, and kept telling me "you are ordering too much food."
He was right...we had too much food but that was o.k.
Because everything was delicious and this gave us an opportunity to have left overs.
Our guests ranted and raved about the food and of course the cannolis.
Everything was hot, fresh and delicious!!!!
High end product, clothing, food.
Food.. oh the food.
Try the pink lady apples ... very juicy, and so delicious.
The food counter... omg.
Best authentic jamaican food in charlotte.
Been coming here for a couple years now and the food is amazing.
You could sit inside and enjoy your food but the grocery is pretty small so i wouldnt recommend it.
The prices here are reasonable, especially if you are going to buy junk food.
He came by our table to see how the food was and talked with us for a while.
The food was great,  as good as home cooked indian food, great customer service.
The options are great in terms of housewares, clothing, electronics, food and produce (excellent), and even vision and car services.
Plus my car smelled delicious afterwards.
Delicious and great service!
This is my favorite deli in vegas to pick up sausages and all kinds of smoked fish!
They have a fabulous olive bar and a signature deli inside which i love.
If you don't feel like driving at the store, they also deliver.
And not to mention their variety of freshly made food.
He liked the numerous foods they had for sell and even got a case of guarana.
The food came out quickly and i ate every last bit of rice!
Delicious meal every visit here.
They always have great decor and all sorts of different food from around the world.
There is a food court adjacent to the market with various vendors including korean (obviously), japanese and chinese cuisine.
All my food was great, loving the pizza pocket thing!
The best vegetables in town.
We price checked against metro and longos and whole foods is cheaper for produce-- and better quality.
Want to have a really foodie goodie time?
Pickles, multiple lentil varieties, exotic indian vegetables, flour, spices...everything was perfectly laid out and easy to find.
The food was really good!
This place serves real italian food and creates an atmosphere that takes you back east.
How i ended up at this whole foods is a bit of a long story.
Due to the contents though there was no way anyone wanted fast food.
I love grabbing a bite to eat in their food court before i start my shopping.
The varity of food is very nice here, i can usually find the items i need.
Food comes out piping hot.
Comida é boa ( food is good)!!
I drove past this place many times and didn't stop because i thought it was just a deli.
Gnocchi was light and airy, cheesesteak sandwich and greek salad were delicious and the cheese ravioli was very tasty.
I do wish they had more organic food.
They ran out of purity by suja so i came to this whole foods.
Good chaat, mithai (sweets), and other delights.
Household items, food, bathroom necessities, seasonal decor... you name it.
It's my favorite place to buy russian food.
Right when you walk in, the smell of spices, fried food, herbs and therapeutic oils are so strong it's intoxicating!
The market has a vegetarian indian food cafe inside and they serve up some delicious food.
The deli is quite impressive as well.
If you're craving some good italian deli food, this is the best around.
It's got an extensive menu from pizzas to deli sandwiches.
It's typical punjabi home cooked food neither too oily nor spicy.
Even after 7 hours the food  was fresh and tasty.
They may be a bit slow in the service but their food is top class.
It's a total italian deli/grocery that is authentic in every way.
There is a nice fish counter, deli counter, and freshly made food items.
An amazing little spot for brazilian food!
Not only brazilian food  but they also have great pizza.
She was so friendly, explained the food and was on top of her work as well.
Great selection of dry foods, local, specialty, ethnic, vegan and gluten free.
Bring cash, get there well before closing and know that you're not at whole foods.
This is my favorite seafood market in charlotte.
I send every one here that ask me about fresh seafood.
I enjoyed my food thoroughly, see attached photos.
Amazing food, cheap prices and great service.
It is a great italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices.
The food took some time to come out but the quality was more than average.
If good food is more important than presentation then this place won't bother you.
This is a nice market that is clean and has a wide variety of asian foods, condiments and snacks.
They have a deli section that serves package japchae, gimbap, sundae and other korean delicacy items.
If you go at the right time, the food that is packed may be freshly made and still hot.
The food court outside the supermarket is equally as busy now.
This is my first time eating at this food court.
I was pleasantly surprised by the selection of food booths to choose from.
There were quite a few people in their food court area, so the food must not be bad.
I ordered the haejangguk from mr. color food.
It basically is a vegetable soup made with korean spices.
It was delish and a refreshing change from what i usually eat during lunch time at work.
I would go back and try their seafood soup next time.
Seafood was good, but it was the first time that i had seafood in a tomato sauce.
Not only is this place a restaurant, but it's also a deli and a super small market.
The store has a great selection of fresh products, gourmet food and good quality staple items for cooking.
Great girts for foodies too!
Super cute little store, they have salads and hot food as well & it all looked super good.
I got a vanilla iced latte and it was delicious!
Good bbq meatballs in the deli.
Their soups of the day are generally incredible, especially the seafood chowder.
The food itself is great.
We had visitors from argentina who wanted real argentinan food.
They said that the food was just like their moms home cooking.
I will definitely return.. food was excellent.
I have been here a few times and every time i've eaten solid well made italian food.
The deli and pastries are wonderful as well, my personal favorite is the rainbow cookies.
The calzones to warn you are just as huge as they are delicious.
And they have rainbow cookies that are delish
Looking to broaden my horizons with more amazing food experiences, i decided to check out this flippino market.
Not even whole foods does this for their customers.
While i was meandering around i visited the fruits and veggie section and discovered something new called jackfruit.
I did buy some of the jackfruit in the rough and some already cut up.
After consulting google for what this fruit is and it's properties i took the leap and tried it.
It is so good and tasted fantastic in a fruit salad that i made at home.
The new coconut milk that i bought was very delicious with a pleasant taste too.
The staff is always helpful and the food is always fresh.
They have a menu of delicious sounding  sandwiches, salads, pizza, pasta...it was hard to chose.
I also bought a bag of assorted vegetables and fruit for $15 at another vendor.
We actually came for lunch at deli.
I spend a poop load of my grocery budget at whole foods, which doesn't buy very much.
Very reasonable prices and a huge selection of organic and natural foods and personal care items.
Their selection of food is outstanding and their food is great too.
I can't speak for the rest of the food but we're hooked.
Being vegan i decided to try out whole foods market in green valley.
So i walk into the place and start browsing and end up over at the pre-made foods.
I checked out and went to eat my food.
Way to go whole foods market!
If i buy too much food i have to throw it away.
The fruit and veg.
The food is delish.
First of all all truly love this wholefoods.
Amazing food, atmosphere, and people!
This review is on the market itself, not really the food court.
The seafood section isn't as extensive as other asian markets in town, and nothing live swimming in tanks.
Next to that is a small hot and cold prepared food section.
I've scored lamb hearts for $1/lb, which is delicious when sauteed with garlic & kale!
Coming from chicago, it's great to find an authentic italian-style deli near me!
Their sandwiches and pastas are great and i'm excited to try things from the deli case.
The fruits and vegetables are not cheap.
You are ordering you food at then waiting for the food at the table.
Reminds me of the delis on the corners of nyc.
Very authentic italian food.
Fantastic store full of inexpensive, quality food and drink.
Love the array of frozen seafood and veggies.
The food was outstanding and so were the people working there.
I ordered the meat raviolis which came with a side salad & garlic bread, everything was delicious!!!
And the canolli's are delicious.
It has a tiny eating area (surrounded by the groceries: italian canned foods, wines, specialty items), and a patio.
This place is soooo bomb, well i'm a meat eater and they surely deliver on that!!
The food quality is the best in clark county here.
The best thing is the food, it's awesome, i can't get enough of their bakeries.
Awesome produce section, awesome seafood (only downside is no live crab, shrimp, or fish), and amazing freezer sections.
I know because i'm a food snob.
As you walk past the seafood section, you'll go through the meats and eventually into the prepared foods section.
Delish kim-chi, pickled garlic and anything else that is on your k-palate.
Awesome deli, fresh baked bread, great beer selection, super friendly staff, glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
Thinking i'd have dinner elsewhere, i asked only to sample the potatoes, and they were so delicious!
Other than for the specialty-food counters, you won't catch me shopping here... too expensive!
Better to shop at whole foods... products are less-expensive, many are organic, and you won't find anything with trans-fats!
Really excellent food reasonable pricing plenty of parking minutes from the strip.
It's has lots of selections in vegetables, fruits, noodles, candies, bakery and other asian foodie needs.
Fresh and tasty food, friendly staff, short lines.
The sauce was delicious and savory and with a squeeze of fresh lemon....oh my gosh so good!
My husband ordered the steak & frites (again), which reinforces it's deliciousness!
Great food, yummy and fantabulous drink.
Lots of health food items to choose from.
I also love the places in the foodcourt, especially the sushi place.
They have a nice selection of vegetarian products and bulk foods (mmm baked tofu).
Sounds impossible but they're so delicious.
I've tried several foods because of samples.
The hours of the deli seem to fluctuate a bit too much.
They have a nice deli and the produce there is always fresh!
We had empanadas as starters, and then a big meat parrillada with different kinds of delicious meets.
No $8 ten oz bags of fru-fru whole-foods mate here!
They have a good selection of veggie dogs, cheeses and prepared foods.
Pretty good place for middle eastern food.
Growing up lebanese my grandmother set the standard for tasty food.
The price is very reasonable for the food you get.
You can come in here, get supplies, smokes, food, bandages.... and still survive the apocolypse for one more day!
You will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries.
And they give you complimentary ice so your food doesn't spoil during the drive home before the a/c kicks in.
How on earth did i initially only give my favourite health food store only four stars!?
Essence of life organics is a good store for your health food needs.
Whether you are looking for ingredients for healthy recipes, health foods, or supplements, they have them.
As in food samples!
You come here on weeknight or better yet on a weekend and their will be carts everywhere with food samples.
It's not really a cafe more like a cafeteria, but the food is good and also super cheap.
We like to get our meat/veggies/dairy/etc local (you've seen food inc right?)
They had a great selection of meats from beef, chicken, turkey and lots and lots of amazing seafood.
Great argentine food in vegas!
Their roast beef sandwich is delicious with roasted peppers.
On the hot bar, the lightly battered fish fry was delicious.
(i put it over rice and one of the sauces on the hot food bar).
When we got home i warned my boyfriend the food would still be hot.
Comida é boa ( food is good )!!
I would suggest you go early so that you can get the best selection and fresh food.
They have a healthy schedule of tasting events to compliment, but fear not, there are foods as well.
All the best foods.
When i went to brazil, i fell in love with their food.
No problem, they deliver.
I was amazed by the location, value, execution, the food and beverage offerings, the servers.....
Same great, food, value products and execution even nicer location.
I had to get him a name tag, a  drink and  to try some food .
The food snob in me thought we were smartest foodies in the house and consequently were getting special treatment (not).
His delivery was awesome in it`naive sincerity.
Sharing pride, offering service, a passion for food and most importantly; listening.
What i usually go for is the fruit and vegetable section.
I really like the ingredient lists of the food items at tj's.
And the deli area with the hummus and salsas and other yummies.
Fresh, delicious and bacony.
They have delicious potato salad and cole slaw.
I hope to try other samosas and foods from indian punjabi bazaar.
Yes, all the yummy pictures are of food court meals.
They seem to have most of the essentials, including meats, cheeses, and a full service deli.
Plus everyone in there are nice and they also has other varieties of food too to choose from.
Foccacia bread is delicious, the pizza crust and the sauce to die for!!
Definetely the best italian deli i have been to and i will recommend it to all my friends and family.
You wont be disappointed ;) great food, friendly staff!
We get our barf/raw catfood from there.
The wait is finally over - whole foods is now open in markham.
I love the fresh food counters / salad bars.
Two salads and two fruit juices were $40 (although i do have a big appetite :) .
I could say that probably 95% of the items they carry at whole foods can't be found anywhere else.
Obviously, whole foods has high quality produce that is organic for the most part.
With organic comes a heavy price tag, but there's always sales on fruits that then make them a reasonable price.
The same goes for snacks, if you're trying to change your lifestyle, save some money, & shop at whole foods.
Healthy food made delicious.
Now whole foods also has a baked goods section, as well as a salad & soup bar.
Today i tried the blueberry danish & it was delicious.
Flakey, amazing blueberry taste, chewy & the custard was delicious even hours later.
Authentic, fresh deli with amazing choices.
Whenever i am new to a deli, i always tend to get their version of an italian sub.
Was there last sunday night for dinner with friends and we enjoyed the food as always
I found a food tasting forum on-line which mentioned it as a noteworthy stop for some really great food.
In addition to being a deli it is also a small italian grocery with numerous wines, oils, cheeses, and meats.
Worth a visit for a delicious lunch or if you have a hankering for something italian for dinner.
Recently i discovered jujube fruit it's like a fresh date and crunchy like an apple.
Best deli sandwiches ever.
Wish i lived closer and they made special lunch deliveries to amber in tempe :)
This is the best italian deli in town...
The best italian food and sandwiches.
Raspberries and blackberries were only .75 and the pineapple i bought was out of this world delicious!
I went to the deli counter at 9pm on a sunday night.
I would like to try other items, but i cannot stray from my usual as they are too delicious.
They would be wise to expand this place as the food is amazing.
I always pair my food with the chai they brew in house and it's free!
Perfect place to experience good indian food away from home.
With amazon's purchase of whole foods, a number of items are better priced.
Lots of wholesome prepared foods behind the counter too.
This is the place to go for fresh fish and seafood, forget the supermarket.
Also a great selection of frozen food as well.
Also, the food court only takes cash so get cash back while checking out!
The deli has fantastic cheese and meet options.
I've found it cheaper to buy meat from seafood city and marinate them on my own.
They are nice and the food is authentic to the region.
Its adorable, clean and so delicious!
The drinks are so delicious!
The drinks honestly taste like the "foods" they are trying to taste like.
For example, when you walk in, there are a whole bunch of delicious cookies/crackers (pocky!)
There are designated sections for dairy, seafood, vegetables, raw meat, and frozen foods, and there's a home section!
Right outside of the market itself, there is a food court, post office, hair salon, you name it.
Are you looking for a asian/international food?
There so many selections of asian produce and endless variety of dry food.
They also have seafood and mini bakery with good price.
No place to eat except for tables outside but hey, it's a deli.
My moans of delight made my dogs come running over.
We order everything on the menu and everything tasted like authentic lao food.
I haven't ate a good traditional brazilian food in years.
Everything we ate was delicious .
The staff made us taste the food before ordering.
The food well worth it.
I hadn't had indian food this delicious since my first plate when i was a kid at my friend's house.
Lucky moose is my go-to for fresh fruit and vegetable all year long.
My typical shop includes fresh food, tofu and re-stock on specific noodles.
There are countless choices and great foods to try - also a large selection of fresh fish and prepared food.
It's always clean, the staff is friendly, the food is high quality.
Greenland is precious, especially for families that wish for quality food prepared to take home or travel with.
I say travel, because we stop at greenland for their prepared food before taking off in the car to travel.
The vegetables are crispy fresh, especially the cucumber with red pepper prepared by chefs.
The fish is fresh with packages for making seafood stew at home with boiling water.
The soups with the tofu, seafood and vegetables are also amazing.
I love the exotic foods and spices i am able to pick up there that i can't find anywhere else.
Saw this place on that tv show, diners/drive ins/dives.....food is authentic...and fabulous!!!
We found our scrumptious uni inside the seafood area where a conspicuous "a" (a la nv dept.
Non pretentious and set up like an italian supermarket you can buy pretty much all italian delicacies.
It's so delicious and priced so well!
Although it is a korean market they still have other non-korean food items from japan and china.
This is helpful to those of us that love these foods buy can't always decipher the original label.
The have a nice seafood section although probably not as big as some of the other asian markets.
The food court just outside of the grocery is worth a look too.
The food is pretty cheap and also tasty!
The food is so delicious and makes my belly extremely happy!
Fruits and vegetables are always stacked neatly.
So many different food items.
The fruit was so good, the cheese selection was on point.
We even just buy the steak their and grill it at the house for get togethers and it's always delicious.
Great selection, reliable delivery, great quality.
As a single person, having organics delivered has been a great way to force myself to eat more fresh foods.
Authentic new york style italian deli that serves dine-in sandwiches and such.
The food is excellent, the prices are decent and the atmosphere is great.
The selection is diverse, and includes a wonderful produce area and a deli.
The home-made raviolis are large delightful pillows of deliciousness, and the meatballs are nice and big.
They have the most delicious breakfast sandwiches, that are worth the wait.
I especially like their fresh fruit and vege sections, as well as their free sample stands.
Just happened to be driving by and stopped for some goodies and decided to try the food.
Great authentic middle eastern food.
I'm very happy to have sprouts close to home for cheap fresh fruits and veggies.
Overall, its a good market but i think its more expensive than whole foods and trader joes.
Everything for the most part is fairly priced and delicious.
Seafood/meat departments- i really like the selections of meats and seafood.
Tons of fresh veggies and fruits...to make your lettuce very happy.
They also have cooked food in a case if you want to grab a quick lunch.
I think it could be spread on a car bumper and it would be delicious!
Which says a great deal in any industry let alone one than handles food for whole communities.
With the whole foods opening only a few miles away they have some esthetic and cleanliness perception issues to address.
The food came out in a short time and smelled heavenly.
There were various flavors of macaron, stout gingerbread, fruit tart, and eggnog cheesecake when i browsed.
Imperial is a small market, but they offer an amazing variety and quality of foods.
The food is delicious and very affordable.
The food does not come out fast, but it is well worth it!!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere....  starbucks who?
I walked in to see a beautiful display of fresh vegetables from quebec!!!
Great deli selection, lots of beer, good produce, and very helpful staff.
The produce department, deli and bakery are also superb but that is the case with all harris teeters.
I walked around, grabbed a churro and a drink from the food court, and headed back over to photo.
I am surprised that this location has quite a large selection, ample food samples, and friendly staff.
Lots of free food samples even on weekday 2.
4.99 rotisserie chicken, delicious and cooked well 4.
Food court for your cheap all beef franks, pizza, etc.
The food is great and you can't beat the price.
Not really much of a grocery store but a great little deli and restaurant.
A small selection of wine and beer but the reason to go here is all about the food.
Food: love the fresh mango salsa located in the fruit section and the classic tuna in the deli.
To be frank, i like shopping here waaay more than seafood city.
As far as deli/club sandwiches go, it was one of the best ones i've tried in a while.
The meat in the sandwiches, especially the montreal smoked beef, was absolutely delicious.
Awesome variety, and fantastic prepared food.
Staff aren't all that friendly, but food is delicious.
The produce, seafood, and meat are all very fresh and high quality.
The prepared foods will make a great meal in a pinch.
Everything is freshly butchered on the spot and always delicious.
A lot of chinese food i want.
***  this is a really nice natural foods etc.
Last but not least, the gs foodcourt.
If you like soups and noodles, try getting the half seafood soup with cha-chang myeun.
Spiciness of the seafood soup compliments so well with the soy-sauce/ heartiness of the black bean noodles.
In the meantime, i think i'll just order their food.
The best local italian deli in scottsdale.
The food is excellent and i love the atmosphere.
Very authentic neighborhood deli/grocery.
Typical of a ny deli.you can't miss with the cheese steak sandwich,  any pasta or pizza.
Chocolate bars, water, drinks, fruit, pasta, guacamole, cheese... it's endless.
Friendly staff, cool atmosphere and the best food !
Anyway, their price is good and their sausage homemade and always delicious on a nice grill.
I feel like there's more of a focus on prepared foods here than at the other tempe location.
The salad bar looked well stocked and had a lot of delicious looking options.
The food inside as well is really good.
The produce and seafood section is fresh and the quality is good.
Nice folks, helpful and will let you try some of their house made delicacies.
Great selection of yummy european foods and super friendly staff!!!
I would definitely recommend this store to anyone looking for some delicious delicatessens!
The food is top quality, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is informal with a touch of class.
Wish they had more produce and asian fruits though.
This is a wonderful health foods store with a fantastic selection.
They have a great selection of food that isn't run of the mill, for a decent price.
I get my tires, much of my food, my tv, some clothes, booze, plants, etc all  here.
None of that dried fruit crap in this cannoli.
It's delicious making poke with a lot of things!
Their prepared foods are also very good.
They also have delicious vegan queso (i like to add a little salt to it and it tastes perfect!)
There's no waiting in line for 20 minutes like at food basics or nofrills.
I will come here over the big walmarts for now on for food.
It's so nice the food there is so fresh the meat still good and cheaper than other stores .
The food is so good it has ruined donairs and shwarmas for me at any other place around.
The food court has amazing korean options and boy am i excited to head back real soon!
Food is tremendous, service impeccable.
Eggplant parmesan was delicious, thinks crusty outside, delicious chewy inside, and the marinara, yum!
Quaint, charming, one-of-a kind place with authentic italian food.
We visited this food mart on 01 august 2018.
The vegetables and fruits were fresh.
Premade korean side dishes, premarinated korean meats, authentic korean food court, and a lot of other goodies.
The food is 5 stars!
You can literally feel yourself aging while you stand helplessly waiting for your food.
Fresh food bar makes lunch options a new level of nice !
The beef and chicken empanadas are delicious.
That looked and smelled delicious.
Their food is very good, their cakes and desserts are really good.
It's all very tasty and you get a lot of food for a reasonable price.
I always stop by at a trader joes for fruits, vegies, and snacks.
In handheld food, the construction of the product is at least as important as the contents.
It reminded me of another situation at the same store when the deli ran out of gyro meat.
Big fan of this food city.
It is family owned and has all sorts of food and home items from the middle east.
My mom and i ordered some food and it was excellent!
The price of the bakery food is awesome as well.
They were delicious with our tea and coffee.
The food is excellent.
Lots of stuff to buy, including booze, food, gas, and the obvious other items that are sold here.
A great mix of imported food, organic/veggie products and asian food.
The produce is fresh and delicious, and as always, if anything goes wrong they rectify it quickly!
I can't lie, i wish i had always had home delivery!
The only part that could use some improvement is the possibility of guaranteed evening delivery, or smaller time windows.
The staff at the deli has always provided top notch service.
We also bought some deli meats and cheeses all of it very good.
The meatballs are delicious and remind me of long ago days of my youth.
Speaking of the deli counters... yum!
Excellent italian food on the quick.
I prefer the gold mine light but whole foods didn't have any today.
Whole foods is the only place i've ever seen it.
Food itself is really good, chicken dishes were amazing.
Plus, the safeway deli sandwiches and ready to eat meals/soups are fantastic.
Many helpful people around, about six food samplings & a free pamper sample.
I had enough time to take pix of the frozen food area for my friend who eats tv dinners regularly.
Really the best to deli to eat at.
Their food is always great and you never wait for long.
They always have an a grading for food safety.
This wf location has always been awesome....best place to get fresh seafood.
Food was "scrumptious" per my mom (the nothing is ever good....especially not that healthy crap).
This location is very clean and they even have small shops ranging from clothes to food courts.
If the reader is alread acquainted with whole foods markets, then its fits what you would expect.
I love all the specialty foods they carry especially their selection of sauces.
Personally i think the beef kabobs for $9 is a little steep because you don't get much food.
They have a fresh deli, fresh sushi bar, and all the groceries that you need!
A very authentic, old style italian deli which i missed moving here last year from the northeast.
The deli sandwiches are fantastic and their spinach roll is to die for!!
Always a really nice experience and customers chat while food is being prepared.
Good place to buy food cook for family.
Defalco's is a market/deli/restaurant and is pretty much set up like a deli with tables.
You order at the counter and then they bring your food out to you.
We washed all that food down with a really good bottle of reasonably priced wine.
Overall great place, great food and service to boot.
One of the best italian delis and restaurants i have been to in the valley!!
Super good food, cute little quaint cafe with an amazing deli counter!!
Great atmosphere, great food and don't forget to buy sweets on the way out.
Fresh veggies, fresh fruits, toiletries, rice, quinoa, oil, egg , meat, shampoo etc.
I'm probably a little bias as i'm argentine but, the food here is excellent.
This is the only place i buy frozen vegetables!
Also got the ecuadorean sausages, which were delicious as well.
Their italian sandwich is delicious!
O comida é bom ( the food is good)!!
The food is still good.
Overall good food, but the place needs a major face-lift.
The inside has very dim lighting and the setup is kind of odd (mini mart + deli + restaurant).
If you don't care about that and just want some good food this is the place to go to.
It goes down in the deli!
Plus you have to love the food court
I was thrilled when whole foods opened in markham a few years back.
I tend to get soy and almond nog from whole foods just before christmas and new year's day.
The store has hot foods.
I noticed the careful deliberation you took in the back of the store evaluating the many choices.
Good variety, and very high quality food.
They also have a large deli selection of meats and cheeses.
Both were fresh and delicious.
May offer some of the best subs in town...fresh and delicious!
I love how they have actual food that you can get, including produce.
I find the staff quite charming and the food unique and intriguing.
:) i say...ignore the stares, put on your thick skin (and a smile) and experience the delights of imported goodies.
Food selection was great and all you can eat left me full and satisfied!
Seasonal vegetables are usually stocked.
Most people don't know that there is also a dining area here in addition to their deli.
This is what i call clean food as you can tell the oil is fresh and so is the chicken.
My favorite aisles are the frozen foods, pastries (sigh), already prepared items in the refrigerated sections, and produce.
They have a great selection and price on all other meat, poultry and seafood.
Bulk: they have a great selection of bulk, rice, flours, sugars, nuts, dried fruits, chocolates and more.
Their deli has a habit of advertising food specials, then never having the food available.
We've found the grocery/deli items to be failry-priced and delicious.
The food is top-notch--we take all of our out-of-town friends/family here and they are ecstatic.
I have read the complaints about service, but it's a deli--not a full-serve restaurant.
I find their food and offerings on-par with new york.
If you like spicy food you must try that bhungra spicy snacks!
The best thing about whole foods is the butcher.
I will say that the prepared foods are not so great here.
I've been a patron for years (at least 17 years and counting) and the food is consistently delicious.
You can't beat their party trays if you're having a celebration where people appreciate real italian food.
Check out their growing frozen food section...you'll be sure to find many essentials at very reasonable prices.
It has fairly good fresh produce; from fruits and vegetables to seafood.
Came in for the pastries and was extremely delighted with the gluten-free selection!
They have lao and thai food!!!!
Food that you can't find anywhere else in vegas.
I enjoy coming here to browse and eating at the food court.
And then up to their admirable cheese and deli sections.
Good selection of canned & frozen foods & deli.
I absolutely love the sandwiches and the prepared foods are delicious.
Really is more of a grocery that happens to serve italian food.
Soooo good great selection of korean food plus.
Awesome prepared foods and marinated meats as well as banchan and fresh fish.
Nice selection of frozen foods as well.
Lousy cat food section.
Especially when 99% of the commercial health food stores are selling shark-cartilage pomades and overpriced packages of nutritional yeast.
The food they put out is consistent which is pretty key, and it's just flat out delicious.
It's traditional italian food done traditional ways.
Sheetz food is pretty standard one place to the next, but my food always tastes made to order here.
If you eat in, the food is always hot.
The frozen food is higher quality then most, even the frozen chinese food is good!
The food was delicious (italian and purista sandwiches, with side salads).
I had a lunch meeting today and we decided to deli, but the question was italian or kosher deli?
Very good italian dishes, deli options, and argentine grill options, all in one place.
Great for dine-in (informal/casual, but very friendly), and also for deli and take-out.
They have lots of pre-cooked food to take home with you at a reasonable price.
What i like most about this deli is just how fresh the food taste as well as authentic.
It very much reminds me of the new york style deli and grocery.
The food is good quality.
I wish i could have had help in the hot food section.
There is no reason why whole foods should have a $3 markup!
While i do love aj's sushi bar as well, whole foods definitely has them beat.
Every juice mix i've tried has been fantastic, even if the fruit/veggie combo sounded like it might not work together.
Really terrific selection of fruits and vegetables.
I love this place so much and it's an amazing deal for the quality food that you get!
When i want to buy unique food in a small store, sometimes i trade with joe.
Because this location is near my apartment, i have been trading my money for unique food lately.
When you walk in, the produce and deli meats are to the right.
This includes specialty foods, produce, organic foods, vegetarian foods, wines, and at this location beer.
The food smells good though
This is a newer whole foods location in markham.
It also has a different store layout than your regular whole foods.
What wf excels at is their high level of quality in their foods, especially their meat and seafood counter.
It excels if you would like something different or some take home food after a long day!
I do however come for the variety of food from your regular loblaws, metro, sobeys.
I ate lunch here today, and it was delicious.
However, that being said, most of the items are quite delicious, and you do feel good about what you're eating.
A great local, small-town feel with great sales and fresh deli, butcher, and hot/cold self-serve bars.
I have had some of the food there before and i thought it was pretty good.
The plates were not only beautiful but the fruits and cheeses were the finest quality.
It's vegan, which surprised me because the tempeh was delicious, the veggies were good, the dragon sauce..
Great little dessert area and prepared food area.
And the deli is pretty savvy for also being a restaurant/store!
Now, how often will one find durian in your fruit aisle?
There were also other fruits/vegetables which looked totally alien to me.
The food is always fresh and staff is friendly.
The food is always fresh and delicious!
In additional to many national brands, fiesta farms carries many smaller label foodstuffs in almost every aisle.
Good menu, staple indian fare items on the menu, very well cooked and presented in a fast food set-up.
I'm not a seafood person, but there is a fresh seafood section there.
The food court is amazing too!
Very nice grocery store offering a wide variety of international delicacies.
Their bakery is heavenly: everything is delicious!
I love this cute little grocery shop/vegan deli on university.
They also sell single so delicious ice cream bars which are great.
I love that it's a coffee shop, smoothie bar, deli, and grocery store all wrapped into one.
Thanks for all the yummy food and treats!
Combined with sidewalk citizen bakery deli at confluence way nearer downtown, this small health food venue is always near-great!
The grocery store has a good fusion of japanese, korean and chinese food products.
(sidenote: i really need to try the ready-to-eat food at some of the other ethnic markets in the area!)
Exelent food awsom service beer out of this  evrything excellent i just came to vegas to eat here again
The cashiers are very friendly and the young man who helpedin the deli was patient and friendly.
This hidden 7th st ave gem boast authentic french food, cheeses and an impressive wine collection.
French press coffee is delicious.
If you love french food, this place will delight!
Whenever i'm in town, this is where i go for a healthy deli lunch.
There is a goof gf section, plus a fair amount of ethnic foods plus a decent domestic wine section.
I haven't ordered food here yet, but have grocery shopped a couple of times.
Feels like im in sf, a whole in the wall deli, family owned with some tasty food.
Haven't tried there sandwiches yet but the lomito sounds delicous.
He sounds like an indian food guru saying things like "five beautiful tomatoes", "very good bananas"!
This is my favourite whole foods location.
They do have a good fruit selection ,which is surprising right!
This is where i do my weekly vegetable and fruit run.
This store has fresher fruits and vegetables than some of the other places in chinatown.
The prices are super reasonable especially if you buy multiples of fruit/veg.
Bread, butter) or western foods from here.
Have not bought meat or prepared foods from here, so can't comment on the quality.
I  mainly come here for  cakes, cheese and fruit.
Since moving here from boston, i've been rather disappointed with the quality of food.
Its an old fashioned italian deli so its all high quality cold cuts and lot of them!
Great selection of sandwiches and deli salads.
Very friendly people working there and looks like some interesting/authentic italian food in the grocery area.
Great indian food and good prices.
Excellent market for fresh vegetables, frozen products, sauces and more.
Best italian food in town.
Make sure you come here with a hearty appetite because portions are generous and delicious.
The food here is the best.
Defalco's is amazingly delicious.
The vegetables section is just as awesome.
It had more locally sourced foods.
Everything is fresh, produce and deli items are usually in good condition.
Even through its a food court, prices are relatively high.
It's a generous amount of food and their flavor is very good.
They also have a premade food section filled with banchan ( side dishes) kim bap, ddok bok ki etc.
Although it seems minor, the pickles were what made it for me--crunchy and very delicious.
Good deli counter and a full bakery area.
If you like seafood this is the place for you!
They have so any fish and seafood options i was mesmerized.
They also have a small section that looks like a grocery store focused on ingredients for fish and seafood.
Those delicious maple cookies own me.
There is so many nuts and dried fruits to choose from.
Great deli and for picking up your own ingredients.
This place has pretty good authentic italian food.
The chicken alfredo is delicious and there sandwiches are too.
But let's get to the food!
Last night i got the lamb burger and frites and it was succulent and flavorful- really delicious!
This is an argentinian restaurant and deli.
Food is amazing and meat very good.
Their sandwiches milanesa or choripan are delicious.
Food was delicious and filling.
It was still delicious though.
The bakery department doesn't have a huge selection of goodies but what they do have showcased is absolutely delicious.
Even the deli has some awesome sandwich meats and cheeses my hubby and i love!
Plus, the food portions are very generous and delicious!
Same prices as whole foods, yet a legit selection of local products.
I always recommend this place for a good food for a reasonable price.
Great marinated bulgogi and other meats, all the vegetables that you need, kimchis, rices and sauces.
Bummer- as of december 2013 all of the food court is a ghost town- weak sauce.
They specialize in french, cajun and creole foods.
You basically order your food or drink at the service counter and find a table to sit at and eat.
They have a couple of huge deli cases full of pastas, meats, cheeses and desserts.
I ordered the pesto gnocchi-- delicious!
By far the best italian food i've had in arizona.
The staff is super friendly and the food's not that expensive at all, highly recommend!
Delicious, yummy, amazing happiness.
Love their cooked food and kind service.
Had a delicious bottle of growers sparkling wine yesterday on their recommendation for something happy and cheerful.
Their tomato soup du jour was delicious.
The vegetables are usually fresh, unlike other grocery stores i have been to in the valley.
Oh how i heart whole foods.
Add in a few bottles of wine for under $10 and a delicious cannoli for dessert and i'm happy girl.
Great food and great service here!
They also have chicken, brats, dogs and steak, but so far we can't get past the delicious burgers.
Prices are reasonable for a deli and service is fast.
Plenty of interesting food items to find here and they have a good variety of wine and beer.
Pre-made salads, packed sliced fruit- great.
Yes, including those helpful tastes of drink, food and coffee;) don't knock it, until you try it!
They were both delicious, and all of the guests were very impressed with the quality of the catered food.
This is, by far, the best deli in the valley.
Two of us went to the counter to order the food.
Not long after we placed our order, they delivered the food to our table.
Service is a combination of self-service (get your own soft drinks/water) and full-service (delivery of food to your table).
Defalco's is a winner in my book - quick, reasonable prices, and great food.
Fantastic wine collection and a huge assortment of antipasto, cheeses, meats and italian premium foods.
What a fantastic little place... great food and excellent customer service...
Being from chicago, i miss good italian food here but this place is cool.
The sausages are delicious and i really like the interesting combos of ingredients and seasoning in them.
The food is amazing and different from any other place we've been.
If you want a new orleans, french inspired food, this is the place.
I also love grabbing the fruit leathers.
I do have one suggestion, i do wish they sold more made to order food.
The bakery items looked delish, but they were out of a lot of things.
Ferrucci's is the best italian deli in the entire charlotte area, so it gets a 5.
We've also been here for some deli sandwiches and they make some great black & white cookies.
Definitely a good price for a gourmet burger, and it was delicious!
The minestrone was delicious and absolutely fresh!
I love french food.
He made suggestions great again (food, wine, beer, etc.)
I didn't try their food out of experience and allergies.
No food was left behind.
If vicki and i consume vegetables we are bound by ecclesiastic and temporal law to also have dessert.
I love whole foods!!
Honestly whole foods is like every other supermarket/grocery store!!
But better and healthy organic food !!
I had driven 3.5 hours from ca to vegas & this was my first stop for food.
I had my laotian food fix satisfied!
I was impressed with her knowledge of the store and japanese food!
Considering the difficulty in availability of these kinds of foods, i think their prices are extremely reasonable.
They also had indian chai tea (not your typical starbucks chai,) that was available for hot food patrons.
I'm an avid meat eater, and this place had the most delicious vegetarian indian food for a reasonable price.
Ok, so i miss the whole foods in l.a., but its no different than this whole foods.
I have narrowed down my apartment search to locations with a whole foods within 3 miles.
Their prepared foods area is quite good but pricey.
Now as much as i love whole foods, i unfortunately go there for specific items, not my entire grocery list.
Delicious - had salmon, tuna, mackerel and eel, added a mixed roll of the same fish.
I guess that's what to expect with grocery stores that specialize in providing organic, high quality food.
I think this whole foods in markham is awesome because...they have a hot food and nacho bar!
Also, their fruits, veggies, meats, etc.
If whole foods were a man...i'd marry him.
I always get myself in trouble here and never walk away with less than $150 worth of food.
I mainly go for cevapi, pasteta, kefir, bosanska sudzuka, and many delicious desserts and treats.
The staff are very friendly, and the food was amazing!
My first ever jamaican meat patty, and it was delicious as well.
One word sums up jimmy's: delicious.
Very delicious and home like food.
Aloo paratha is delicious and filling.
Food is good but plan accordingly.
The chicken parm and lasagna were delicious but the cannoli was to die for.
Good prices too.... this deli has it all!
Their produce department, bakery, and deli are always kept stocked with fresh products and the staff is friendly and efficient.
Great prices, great prepared and market style food shopping.
The staff was super helpful in helping me figure out how much food i was going to need.
Love, love, love this deli in my neighborhood.
The sandwich/pizza/sushi looks very inviting as well as the deli counter.
Great food and a large selection of import and quality domestic beers too.
Whole foods it is not.
Don't expect any good pre-prepared foods like you can get at heinen's and whole foods.
If i want prepared foods or other specialty items, i will go elsewhere.
Beyond that the food court is certainly popular and provides hot foods for a reasonable price.
Delicious food to order and a variety of pastas, sauces to buy for a homemade italian feast.
I like shopping here because they carry a great selection of bread, seafood and produce as well as hot items.
Foods awesome, service is good, ambiance is diminished from the og locale i think.
The homemade food is really really good.
Still a good place to go to for asian food stuff though.
True 5 star deli.
Big menu of classics and italian delicacies.
If you like italian food i recommend you trying this place.
Love this whole foods.
Without question the food here is authentic and better than most of the food we ate in brazil.
The food is always super delicious, fresh, and hot.
Such unique but delicious flavors!!!
5 stars for the deli team.
I love buying pizza from sam's club is delicious and at same time saving money feels double good.
I like food 4 less in general as it has always allowed us to save money on the "staples".
I have actually been pretty pleased with the seafood selection here.
Ranch market has a good selection of food from china and other east asian countries.
This is where i go for okra and seafood to make gumbo.
They've got a large selection of frozen seafood and meat, and a decent selection of fresh.
Smell the vibrant aromas emanating from the tray of mostly alien delights.
The seafood center in middleton's willy street coop is phenomenal!
Just picked up diver scallops there and they were super fresh and delicious.
Just wish that the employees were more into the culture of the food like when out east!
Missing atmosphere thats for sure, but the food is great!
There's always a great selection of hot foods including soups to choose from.
They also have raw meat and seafood for sale.
I only get their food when their are specials going on.
A little deli restaurant inside a small grocery full of italian goodies.
Very busy around meal times but if you call ahead they will have your food ready pronto!
About half the tables at the deli were occupied, which hints at how well-liked this place is!
My knowledge of indian foods is unfortunatly minimal, i have to confess.
A -total- novice; but with rani's world foods, i'm -well- on my way to being an expert!
I want to be a bit different than all the other glowing posts rani's has here, all about the food.
They have a separate isle for $1 items (paper plates, paper towels, canned fruit, ect)
Vons has the best selection of fresh fruits and vegetables in henderson.
They have a very good selection of organic foods also.
Food was out quickly and it was delicious.
***(the heaters turned off after 5 min)**** we ordered the *fried mac/cheese...which was delicious.
We finished out food, paid the bill then the propane man actually came and started filling up the propane tanks.
Deli area also has ready-made items like fresh pickles, salads, schnitzel, and stuffed cabbage rolls.
Me, i'll pay a little more for my food and piece of mind.
They prohibit photos taken in the store, probably paranoid you may report to maricopa county food/health inspectors.
Their vegetable selection is great and fresh.
The food is great.
Their food court, mostly korean eateries, is awesome.
The barista was wonderful, the coffee was delicious and the shop was just amazing.
Though there is still work to do, i have to give this location of compare foods a thumbs up.
A real italian deli.
Grapefruit fiz, straight to the back when you walk in the door!
This market has many selections of snacks, vegetables, meats you name it.
They do have a open food court that serves great korean food.
When i discovered jone's market, i made a point to visit and look at the food selection.
Even though this is a "korean supermarket" they carry japanese and chinese food products and other goods.
Their food is superb, the staff is friendly and the experience is always consistent.
This is the closest you are going to get to an authentic italian delicatessen in phoenix.
It is delicious easy and very affordable.
It is a huge hot messy mouth watering i can't believe i finally found such a delicious sandwich.
But it is the best italian deli i have been to in phx.
This has got to be by far the best italian deli in the entire phoenix area.
The food is authentic and delicious.
Unfortunately these things are costly and whole foods has them.
One of which being durian fruit.
The durian fruit is a southeast asian fruit that apparently is quite foul smelling when opened.
Bottom line is... now that i know where to find one, i'm having a durian fruit party.
I'm going to invite friends to my home and without warning, i am going to smash open a durian fruit.
My favorite thing there is all the prepared foods.
From the deli salads, pizza, sandwiches, pastries and coffee this place is fantastic.
The dinner ($12) comes with rice, curried vegetables, salad, raiti (yogurt), naan and a pickled side and a dessert.
The food is delicious.
If you love indian food, but only can afford the buffet during lunch at most places... you'll love it here.
But, enjoy the food!
It's a modest, very casual dining place, with a deli and meat market.
The entrana (pronounced 'entraanya'-skirt steak) was delicious, so was the bife de chorizo ('beefeh deh choreezoh' - ny strip steak).
The traditional argentine alfajores were a delight.
I showed up and was amazed at the selection of smoked meats, fish and food items.
We had friends over for dinner and they agreed the butt and sausage were delicious.
Mike was incredibly nice and i highly recommend this place; great selection, great service and delicious food!
Everything else is still delicious.
Great place, costumer service is great and food was awesome.
Sometimes this makes me take a picture or use google from purple potatoes to white asparagus to ugli fruit.
Excellent brasilian food , atmosphere and service .
Clean and delightful energy .
Saw there's deli in this supermarket, i stepped in to see their deli section looks so good & hearty.
Thank you for code 3-ing my last purchase, and the ravioli are delicious!
Food that made me feel like i was home.
Authentic and flavorful, the spinach pie was different but delicious.
Mentioning a varietal, appellation, region, food pairing or any other descriptor will get you a list of suggestions.
Amazing meats and seafood.
Try the butternut lasagna if the deli has it.
Literally, 4 isles of food and a bit of produce.
The remodlers are busy and it looks like we can expect a nice addition to our friendly little whole foods.
Eggs, milk and a half dozen vegetables.
The food is freshly prepared, the meats are nicely roasted.
The roasted meats are all delicious and i will be sure to come back the next time i'm in montreal!
There are many "other" fruits and veggies that your local smith's asian isle will not have.
I picked up some seaweed salad and spicy squid salad which was delicious!
The food court is okay.
I'm not too impressed with the food court.
Most importantly the food is fresh and its rare that you find damaged produce here.
Korean supermarket with a food court in the building.
Good food choices in the house... from island style to japanese to korean... cheap and great food...
I am a huge fan and i cannot wait for many more delicious meals from defalco's!
The stands at the food court are all battling each other for customers.
You can get a whole fish for around $11 and delicious too.
The food is amazing.
They have a deli where you can buy the chimichurri sauce in a mason jar.
Great little deli dine in martket.
Very happy to have this local health food store in my neighborhood!
Will be back for all my fresh food items.
Checking out once you've selected all your great food and drink is a breeze.
Everything is just as good as the yorkville location except it is missing the cooked seafood bar.
I really their prepared seafood dishes and soups.
However, they sell wine in their eatery which makes up for the lack of seafood bar.
I live about a 3 minute walk from this whole foods location, so i tend to frequent it.
Their salsas from true foods are some of best i've had (death salsa).
But, perhaps the best thing about whole foods is their salad bar.
Winco has better and fresher vegetable & fruits, and their price is cheaper than t&t supermarket.
I loved both the store and the food counter here.
I found the vegetable selection very fresh on the 2 different days i was there.
Great place for fresh and organic food.
Always a delight seeing the friendly faces at the market.
The staff know info about any new foods that come in.
Food was good and price, well that was amazing considering how yummy it was!
My parents being vegetarians, i was looking for someplace that served vegetarian indian food.
My review is solely based on the taste and the quality of their food, and not the ambiance.
My wife and i moved here from nj and never thought we'd be able to find a decent italian deli.
This place is unique and fun...the food is great.
Hubs and i sat outside sipping an oregon pinot and enjoying the warm weather as we waited for our food.
Food came, he got cheese steak and i got eggplant park.
All was delish and enjoyable.
I love to eat here nice customer service, good food, large portion low priced.
I've to other filipino restaurants and the food is not as good in comparison.
Alas, no fruit trays, but when we asked an employee he was very honestly apologetic.
Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys quality food!
They food is great and the prices are better.
This place has a good selection of food and wines, which look like they are of good quality.
This is the first whole foods that i have found outside of central california that carries it.
Fruits and veggies, all kinds of fish and meats...everything looks fantastic.
Whole foods provides the supply.
Shopping at whole foods requires you to pay attention to the label.
Great little market with excellent service, the beet salad from the deli case was super tasty!
Too bad the service didn't match the quality and taste of the food.
If you are a foodie, this is one fun place.
You can also pick up deli meats and cheeses if you don't like the pre-packaged stuff.
I've never purchased the chicken here for myself, but it's a fantastic place for buying raw food for a dog.
This is where i buy my dobermans' food.
I really like this whole foods.
Whole foods is a good place to start if you are looking for natural, organic, and/or planet friendly products.
Food can get pricey if you get carried away, so be smart.
I like the hot food section here too.
Much better than fast food if you font want to cook.
Awesome selection of fruits and veggies.
Travel agency, food court, and a pharmacy is coming.
The restaurant food is delicious, fresh, and abundant.
The wine selection, deli, desserts, & grocery offerings provide a nice distraction while you wait for you order.
The counter is rife with delicious looking salads and desserts, and there are countless sandwiches and pastas.
Also there is cuttlefish and other delicacies that are a great compliment to some rice and vegetables.
It's a symphony of deliciousness hearing the sound of the chinese meat cleaver hacking it up into small pieces.
My favorite whole foods that i go to.
Well organized, clean and plenty of hot & cold food options.
I'm so glad that there is a whole foods out here in green valley.
Was here for a buffet, using my groupon and i got excellent food!
They let me use the groupon for their delicious lunch buffet that offered both vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices.
That doesn't mean i can't appreciate delicious when it hits my lips.
But, i was able to snag some of their macaroons and a madeline.
Walked in and instantly felt like i was home in a brooklyn deli.
This little place is in a strip mall, but such a yummy hole in the wall spot for brasilian food!
The coxinha are big and delicious.
The food is so good for a less price.
It has organic and non organic and the alternative foods for my diet.
Classic italian style local deli , check out the meatball/parm, really good cheese and really good bread.
Stopping by before went to tucson to this food mart.
The food mart wasn't so big but it offers regular snacks and beverages that i need.
So my recommendation is ordering there chai latte and the medium fruit tart !
Lots of other places have good food and a welcoming attitude to make you want to return.
Lots of food for the price.
If you hate airport food like i do, run, don't walk here!!
Drop in and pick up delicious chocolates sn candies
Meat choices are endless and i haven't even gotten to the seafood yet.
Fresh flowers, fruit, nuts,  plenty of chocolates and pastries and of course,  coffee.
The veggie and fruit selection was limited to say the least, but its a great local store.
Small deli serving up some delicious sandwiches!
Also have a stock of specialty italian foods like your jarred veggies etc.
Walmart delivers just that.
Great great great home style cooked food!!
(especially the fruits sections)  the only complaint that the line could get a bit overwhelming on saturdays.
Delicious, affordable, quick, and good portion size!
I was being sent for korean supplies, but usually go to a chinese market for the foods i need.
I have literally lived weeks off prepackaged bibimbap and their hot food items.
Definitely come check out this market, get some food and enjoy it.
They have some fun food.
Ever seen grown men giving each other high fives and cheering as their food is prepared?
So, i made my way to the back deli counter.
I guess the best thing is fresh food, good selection easy in and out.
You can order fresh subs, grab a healthy salad or bowl of fresh fruit to go.
Hidden gem -delicious food!
Great bar/ restaurant area upstairs to enjoy food and drinks.
Don't forget to bring cash for the food court!
Awesome people, great selection of food, and amazing flavor.
Nevertheless, the folks at this deli are really nice people and helpful.
We were pleased to find that it's actually got a little deli in it as well, with really awesome sandwiches!!
Amazing food , very authentic , i thought i was in argentina..
It's more a deli/bakery/wine shop than true grocery store.
Market st grocery has come along and got ya covered with a sweet selection of organic and high end foodstuffs!
Food was, as usual, good.
I like the authentic homemade indian food and free indian tea here.
How sweet :) the carrot cake was delicious & plentiful (quarter sheet for like 15-20people).
Thanks whole foods bakery!
We loved going to the moscow deli in costa mesa when we needed russian or eastern european stuff.
On the other side of the market is a small produce section and canned and jarred foods.
I haven't ever really shopped here as a market- but have eaten here a decent amount as a deli/restaurant.
The price definitely points to the quality- and i'm happy to pay a little more than average for outstanding food.
The veggies are ok here the fruits i skip it normally.
Most food is on the bottom floor.
Great quality food for a reasonable price.
Delicious and i can't wait to bring my family here!
Great food and prices are very fair with the amount of food you get.
Pizza and pasta are my favorites but can't go wrong with any of the food there.
These huge portions are also amazingly delicious.
They have so many things here from office supplies, tires, pharmacy,tv's & other electronics, furniture, food, toiletries, flowers, candy, gum.
Whole foods is love/hate relationship.
Love the food, hate the prices!
I've noticed their baked goods are quite delicious.
Delicious and easy thanks to fresh & easy.
We drive here from yuma every few weeks to purchase the best sweets and food.
Their service is amazing and their food is spectacular.
Food is swoon-worthy... literally!
Thought i'd wandered into a deli in brooklyn.
Good food very reasonable prices.
After that food was fast enough but man get another cashier or some help there.
The creme burle was delicious.
I have only had delicious and fresh food from defalco's....and i have been a customer for the last 5 years!!
Great food, friendly staff.
The food doesn't disappoint and is reasonably priced.
Almost any type of asian food is available, all my favorite coffees, teas, every kind of noodle imaginable.
The seafood smell is heavily present as you walk through the door.
The portions were sufficient, and the food was good.
We started with the papdi chaat which was delicious.
The pani puri was     also delicious and the chutneys are amazing.
Their prepared food section including baked goods is great too.
Favorite place to go to get food.
Feeling like korean food but not feeling like k-pop blasting at soyo?
It's like an old time butcher shop and it's delightful.
We brought the food home and had an extravaganza!!
Delicious and a city tradition!
This is a family business, they all really care about the quality of their food.
All sorts of italian foods, pasta, sauces, oils, candies, cookies, plus a deli with delicious panini, quiche, pastries and coffees.
I am argentine and so i tend to be a food snob.
You order your food at the counter and once you find a table your order is brought out to you.
Friendly employees, efficient service, quirky concept, good food, decent prices and wine.
The quality of their food is amazing and has been for years!
You can never beat a delicious italian sub, pasta, or even pizza from defalco's!
And the ready-to-eat section have so many variety of food that i normally liked.
I come here for any packaged food that i might need.
Canned seafood, yoghurt, chips, things like that.
Fruit and vegetable stores are almost always going to have better produce, and sometimes asian grocery stores.
With more space the food bar is better.
They've now added all the tofu varieties in the deli from the east side location.
And the deli staff is always friendly and helpful.
The white pizza, cheesesteak (chicken & beef), & deli sandwiches are great.
This is my go to place for the best italian food in the valley.
What a great place, they have just about everything italian when it comes to food.
Then there is the deli.
If your are in the mood for great italian food this is the place to go.
Even though small in size, they have a lot of russian and european delicacies in stock.
I haven't the slightest clue what it was called but it was delicious, so keep an eye out lol.
The best italian deli in the phoenix metro area hands down.
Prices are reasonable, and some of their premise food items are to die for.
Do yourself a favor and take a ride on the magical euphoria train with each delicious bite!
Great delis and sausages.
An excellent place to grab lunch with food ranging from hot and cold sandwiches to pizza and lasagne.
The food was excellent as usual.
This place has everything you need in terms of spices, indian food items and decoration.
The food was delicious!
My favorite whole foods in town!
The food speaks for itself!
Unless you don't mind having food all over your face and dripping!
Defalco's is consistently delicious.
They have many pre-packaged salad and vegetable options as well.
I want deals on fruit, not hamburger helper and other garbage!
Although applied incorrectly, the sauce was delicious.
Friendly staff, good prices, check them out for all your thai / laos food needs.
Vegetarian frozen food is jacked up way high, and so were other items.
Hands down the best deli in the valley.
Whole foods is a good go-to option for a healthy meal on the go.
It's not cheap but you can get fresh food from the hot or cold bar.
The salad, pizza, and cheesecake were all so delicious!
In addition, they had a larger selection of health food and champagne.
There's a wide vegetarian and vegan selection in the frozen foods department.
We had dish soaps in with fruit, dry goods with frozen, etc.
So go figure...   anyways, the food was amazing.
I've had lots of italian sandwiches but the ones we ordered were delicious.
Authentic italian food with a first class deli.
Everything is extremely fresh and delicious!
They unfortunately were out of canolis, however we tried the napoleon which, no surprise, was delicious!!!
The food is served cafeteria style and tantalizes you from behind a glass display.
The light sauce mixed with the veggies (they added a middle eastern style pickled cucumber) were a crunchy, delicious combo.
It was light and airy and completely drenched in delicious, sweet syrup.
Great place and great price for every day organic and vegetarian/vegan food items.
They had a fresh deli and frozen section with all sorts of frozen pastas.
Tiny little store selling locally grown produce, meats, with a focus on more organic and healthy foods.
I like whole paycheck, er, i mean, whole foods.
As far as high quality and healthy selections go in a supermarket, whole foods is tops.
Turns out it's easy and delicious.
Beats 'whole paycheck' (whole foods) hands-down.
If you know how to beat the system, you can shop at whole foods relatively cheaply.
I've not sworn off meat, but - anyone that watches "food inc." can understand my viewpoint.
When you enter you are greeted by the deli side.
Real jamaican here, food is official !!l...
Great deli and grocery.
Especially, if i am in the food for some thai or laos food.
The quality and freshness of their prepared food & products is always consistent - fresh and superb.
Their prices are hard to beat as well when it comes to their fresh produce and food.
Very good meats, and delicious sandy's all around.
Love love love, food!
As a college student on a budget, i really appreciate food peddler.
You definitely won't regret it, especially if you like local foods and fresh fruits and veggies.
The best russian food store in cleveland
I think i scared the nice delivery man with my enthusiasm (sorry, joe!).
I love the flexibility of delivery vs pickup according to my schedule.
In the case for purchase always look fresh and delicious.
They have a wide selection of sausages, deli meats and prepared foods such as stuffed cabbage and soup.
Delicious, made from scratch food that always hits the spot.
If they put the food in a high class restaurant they could charge double the price.
The only downside in the atmosphere...it's kind of fast foodish being in the grocery store.
I have only had a couple of the tarts so far, but they were delicious and affordable.
The seasonal doghead punkin was delicious as well as the sierra nevada oktoberfest.
I love that there is a whole foods in markham.
There are lots of samples of food scattered throughout the store.
Great prices and a lot of food.
As well as the meat and deli departments.
I also like the prepared foods department, it's hard to resist when you go by.
Very good restaurant and deli!!
The bakery is the best and the store carries a good variety of foods.
This was really excellent food at a great price.
Fresh madison market is a welcome downtown alternative to capitol centre foods.
There's nothing better that kicking off your work day with warm smiles and a delicious starbucks cold brew!
I got a coffee and a chocolate croissant, both were delicious and fresh.
Huge bonus: large selection of boar's head meats and cheeses at the deli counter
Overall- great food at a slightly above average price, homey environment, and good environment!
Lots of korean food including soju.
Anything from picture frames, to pictures, to furniture, rugs, cloth, food and booze.
I usually skip food section as its not very exciting, especially with ajs beeing next door.
This place has amazing food at a good price.
They make the food quick so you don't have to wait long.
Friendly staff, super fast, and delicious.
Also got the caprese salad - high quality delicious mozzarella 5/5.
I like their produce section because the fruits and veggies look fresh.
As others have said, having the huge deli counter as part of a restaurant is a bit odd.
It's my teen daughter's favorite chicken alfredo and they make a delicious chicken cheesesteak!
Pros: lots of food items & options.
Good food, affordable prices.
Great store have all the food and water needed.
I was in love with the food court!
There is also a variety of foods the owner makes herself to sell.
As for the rest of the food products, it's a lot of expensive gourmet items.
Great local italian food.
You know the joke, whole foods = whole paycheck?
Now come back to rani's world foods.
Also, they have fresh food as well, and it is amazing!!
I bought a very delicious (and filling!)
We bought some delicious salsa here!
Everyone needs a good 'ol italian deli in their neighborhood.
Pastel (cheese empanada) super delicious!
The deli and hot food are to die for!
Fresh and easy offers more than convenience, it also offers a great selection of food.
This place truly is unique, and the prices are some of the lowest i've seen for quality food!!!
Very good selection of filipino and asian food.its a beautiful store and very clean and convenient.
A few years ago i subscribed to another fruit and veggie box but then moved away from toronto.
The selection is good and i felt like i received a good amount of food.
Deli staff is awesome.
I come here occasionally and try all different foods they provide.
I thought that grapefruit was the best, but after trying the apple, i know i was wrong!
They do have a wide variety of food and korean home goods as well.
If you are looking for affordable organic food - look no further.
Inside sat the most delicious coconut cake i've ever had.
Or just grab some amazing food and hang out on their patio have a glass of wine and enjoy.
They have lots to chose from and the food tastes home made.
This reminds me of going to a deli in the mid west or east coast.
If you want  authentic type italian food, defalco's can't be beat.
Super authentic italian deli!
My family hopes you will bring fresh jackfruit back!
Not only that, they have a deli, fresh sushi made by chefs at the store, and a takeout salad/entree bar.
One of my pet peeves at most grocery stores is the lack of variety in their fruits and veg.
Super friendly, super delicious food!
The first had maybe 5 tables full of veggies and fruits.
The art coffee bus was also in attendance along with 2 other food trucks.
The restaurant's food is nice, although a bit simple.
After the second wave of food, we were already pretty bloated, so desserts threw us staight into food coma.
Great place, so many great food options and i love what they give back to the community.
Produce and deli staff so helpful.
Thanks:) whole foods is expensive but it is quality food.
Food city is a "meeh-he-co" experience in itself.
The deli is good for cerviche, burritos and the like.
The fruit and vegetable section is par none, with great variety and prices.
Lets just say, their are always mexicans and asian folks buying fruits and vegetables there.
Whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar.
Holy crap the food is large.
The coffee was delicious and the biscotti was the perfect texture and tasty but not too sweet.
They also sell italian food products and have deli-style prepared foods to eat there.
And if you're looking for good, quality food and products, this is your place!
Always a great selection of high quality seafood at realistic prices.headed there today for some some anniversary dinner requests.
They have great food.
The food was amazing!!!!
The taste of food here is consistently good.
They have an area where you can buy prepared food.
They have a large number of cooked food options.
Kinda expensive (ok, not kinda) but great quality and delicious.
I love assembling what i call while food nachos.
My friend normally assembles a quite delicious vegetable laden salad.
They also have a number of food events.
They sell a variety of asian foods like korean, japanese, & some hawaiian too.
Not to mention, they also have a great food court in there.
I love their frozen foods selection where i always buy lunches for work.
I went for the hot (temperature-wise) foods.
Prices can be rather steep when you are paying for your food by the gram.
My plate of food was $9.61.
Despite the price, the food was flavourful.
I'd definitely go back for hot food and groceries.
So then there's the food...amazing!
The more sporadic loaf of bread and incredibly delicious buffalo milk yogurt rounds things out nicely.
Very good food, decent size portions and made with care.
Pricey if you think you are entering a typical deli, but this is no typical deli.
This is and italian deli by little italy, ny standards.
It has great prices on wine, beer, produce, frozen food.
They give out free samples of coffee, wine and random food items.
Foods you have never tried, or never heard of, are here, waiting for you.
Defalco's italian deli is as good as it gets.
Whole foods market - henderson, nv  whole paycheck??
I agree, whole foods does cost more than your typical grocery store.
But when it comes to quality, whole foods is 2nd to none.
This whole foods is spacious and the employees are always helpful.
I rarely do my weekly grocery shopping at a whole foods.
If i'm at one, it's usually for their hot bar or deli.
The hot bar at this whole foods is a lot larger than the summerlin location.
Taste wise, everything is fresh and delicious.
Overall, i prefer this whole foods over the locations closer to my home.
Good job, whole foods!!
I haven't bought anything from the grocery yet, but the food has always been reliable.
Whole foods is an expensive grocery.
Walk down the aisles and choose from a variety of food not commonly found elsewhere.
Their hot bar is ok and their butcher/sea food counter is very nice.
They have a small market and deli full of meats for the go as well!
The deli dept makes the best sandwitches.
Still a favorite for convenient, fresh, easy to prepare groceries and ready to cook foods.
The il purista is packed with tons of prosciutto and it is delicious.
It's a tiny little russian market with fresh produce, dry goods, fresh deli items, frozen food, and even some wine.
It's not just food from russia either.
Nice selection of exotic fruits and vegetables versus that of publix or even trader joe's.
Tell me where would you find dragon fruit or rambutan- only in asian groceries stores.
Salim always makes me feel welcome, and the food is fantastic!
But with whole foods right here...
I can imagine having a glass of vino and cheese outside after some serious food shopping.
It came out larger than expected but the red sauce is so savory and delicious.
As i ate looking at everyone else's food, it all looked delicious.
I love the salad bar, deli, and best of all the boulangerie.
It is by far the best italian deli in az.
They have lots of food  and beverage options!
Thank you for keep making good foods der ja , and best of all it's not pricey
The deli looks amazing and i will be back for dinner.
Tina's gourmet sausages is a european deli that serves cold cuts, sausages, fish, pasta, and of course pierogis!
This place reminds me of a mom and pop deli in the east coast.
They have everything you can imagine inside the store not just korean but really other asian culture food and products.
I am from hawaii so seeing basically one aisle with all the local comfort snacks and foods through the store.
The food court love the place never thought about checking it out.
The service is excellent they call your number or not paying attention they come drop off the food.
Something makes it different most food courts.
All the stores get food on real plates and nothing like strip mall food court all paper/plastic.
Nice change is knowing that every store is family run places not chain places see in normal food courts.
Tucked away in the community you wouldn't think the best donairs are made in this tiny deli.
We began subscribing to the weekly delivery program this spring and are loving it so far.
I've also found dried jackfruit chips --- so good.
The store was clean and the seafood and meat cases don't look gross like most grocery stores i've visited.
I love whole food!
We can buy lots organic food in here.
Delicious little italian spot on scottsdale road.
We also love the pizza dough it's delicious and rises so nicely.
We are from the east coast, and this is the closest "philly food" that we have found in the valley!
The east wing was entirely vacant and they were remodeling it.
I thought they were remodeling it to "change the feng shui to be better".
Here you are privy to a wide selection of organic foods, beverages, and health-conscious options for your body care.
The restaurant and bar serves up foods you can make at home along with classics like burgers and fries.
The hot bar and salad bar rotate foods each meal of the day and weighed by the pound.
This is a family friendly grocery store for those who can appreciate real, wholesome foods.
Herbs and nutrition is by far the best health food shop i have ever gone to.
Eggplant parmigiana is delicious.
They have more than just argentinian food but that's the highlight.
Our server was a delightful young woman who answered questions and always had a pleasant smile.
), and deli sandwiches are all outstanding.
I went to a cooking class here because i'm interest in healthier cooking, and i want flavor in my food.
I left with a basket full of ingredients for delicious flavors to cook healthier.
Great food, great service, yum!!
This is a great fish market that will prep your seafood in a number of different ways for you.
Many of them are very delicious and the price/unit is just great.
It was quite delicious!
They have everything you need from produce, treats, & food to automotive care, household items & toys.
The food is always fresh, and they usually have some really awesome deals, especially in their discount section.
In between gorging on chili omelets, lettuce wraps, thai food, martini's, shrimp, martini's, etc.
My favorite deli in the valley.
At least there is some form of food standard that they adhere to which i rarely witness elsewhere.
The deli sandwiches are all fantastic and the pizza slices are pretty decent for the money.
Reminds me of the deli's in italy where you eat among the groceries.
The food and service is amazing!
Sometimes deli counter a little rough, they seem annoyed if you want to be waited on, but warm up after.
And comment on deli counter.
They have a variety of foods you can buy that are fully cooked and not cooked.
Today i had the chile relleno and bean/rice/cheese burrito and it was delicious.
In the past i have had their carne asada and it was also delicious.
I'm also a fan of their pre-packaged foods.
We know this by seeing deliveries made to two of the facilities where my dad lived.
They also have a good selection of sake and soju, as well as inexpensive frozen asian foods and bulk rice.
My go to place for my asian food shopping.
I'm originally from dc, the selection of great indian food is plentiful.
Trying to find decent indian food was rather hard here and finding this little gem was a total score.
Food was spiced well and service was friendly.
Good food & ok service.
I did purchase a lunch plate with random entree options, and it was delicious!
They also have a wide selection of spices and other exotic food items on their shelves.
People there are very friendly and they deliver good service!
I also got a cup of brazilian soup which was delicious.
Awesome food made fresh daily.
I had never even tried lebanese food but it was awesome.
Oh, their homemade desserts are freaking delish!
...superb great drip coffee  counter order....then food brought to table.
Decent selection of italian food.
Still need to dine in here, the menu looks delicious.
A lot of choices to choose from as far as meat and vegetables selections.
They have some   quarter to half the size of the seafood city fish selections.
It's smaller than seafood city but better.
Everything else (rice, dal, roti, some tofu thing) was delicious.
I have yet to try the ham & cheese, but the beef, chicken, and spinach are all delicious.
The food is good, and it's a family environment.
Everyone is always friendly the fruits and vegetables are organized and never to many people in line to pay.
Whole foods coming to markham was the best thing that could have happened!!
Today i took advantage of their free home delivery and it was the first time i've used this service.
I live close to the store but my car broke down so i thought i'd try the home delivery.
Went with an italian sub and it was pretty delicious.
Bread was good, toppings were excellent, meat was delicious.
It was like little pillows of deliciousness.
The decor isn't anything special, but the food more than makes up for it.
Best health food store in town !
The food smells delicious, but i have not had a chance to try it yet.
Definitely stop by if you're in need of some middle eastern food or supplies!
Everything is well put together and they've done a nice job with the modeling.
Everyone from the deli/bakery clerk to the cashier to the sbux associates make each experience a pleasant one.
Best frys food in east valley!
Lots of ethnic food.
The hot food counter is fantastic.
Its a small place with a ton of food.
They do have a big selection of food, from salads to shawarmas to samosas to baklava!
They seem really oily (which they are) but they're delicious!
About once a month i'll blow in & by all the food items i need for a few weeks.
I have shopped here several times and find the organic fruit, vegetables, milk and yogurt i want.
Great organic food store with great selection.
Sunnyside is a family owned whole foods market specializing in local, organic and natural products.
Full catering menu available with delivery!?
Groceries delivered to your door!?
Recently this costco has had the seafood show here every fri thru sunday.
They do carry almost everything you would want from a health food store.
The place to stop for ready-made russian food to take home and enjoy!
The grocery shelves have all varieties of pickled vegetable, fruit spreads, and buckwheat blends to purchase and enjoy at home.
Their kitchen is clean and efficient and provides wholesome home-cooked vegetarian food.
I really like this whole foods.
There is a cold deli are that offers a, "meal deal" which is not always advertised, but always offered.
The chicken and seafood meals are at a slightly higher price point.
It is plenty of delicious food and a great deal.
The hot and cold food bar is $8.49 a pound, wednesdays they discount it to $6.49 a pound.
I usually eat the hot deli area(the buffet looking) not the "ready to order" (which ill mention as well).
All in all its a great store with friendly deli people.
I come here and to 168 market for all my asian food needs.
The food court is good for after shopping fillings or even before.
They're pretty quick and have a wide range of foods available.
There is also a hot foods section.
Nice place to buy eastern european, russian, polish and other regional  specialty foods.
Food is amazing and price is reasonable.
Great food, best cheese steak i've ever had.
Perhaps the third best india food we've had, at any price.
The  food arrived quickly and the staff was responsive.
Best authentic indian food in phoenix.
I still shop at sprouts and ralphs for the majority of my food supplies.
The deli had cooked food & prepared salads.
For dessert i bought a couple of boxes of deli cookies.
They always seem to have a bagful of deliciousness that i need to try.
I just learned about their return policy for food that you don't quite like.
Whole foods is my go to place when i'm having a dinner party and want to impress.
Friendly staff, a great selection of food.
I've already started cutting up their fresh produce and everything looks delicious :)
Amazing .. just amazing food ...
There's even a section of marked down food that is close to expiring.
The outdoor bistro has some great cook to order food potato salad macaroni salad awesome.
Fresh homemade pastas to cook at home, pizza, sandwiches, deli, anti pasta, and all sorts of side salads.
I've tried almost everything and it's all delicious.
But still the prices for the rest of the food are pretty fair.
If i am ordering food i typically call ahead.
I meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite.
Stopped by the food counter before shopping and now i'm having a really delicious cup of hot and sour soup.
This deli is above and beyond!
Their cheese pies and meat pies are also delicious.
We ate at salim's at least once a week and never had bad food or bad service.
Fry's or food city wouldn't of done that for me, so that's why i buy my meats here.
I had one of the specials that had so much food which included kimchi, soup, and much more.
The food was great.
The place is a great place to get out asian food.
This is a great place to get authentic italian food at a very reasonable price.
Real italian creme sodas, deli, desserts, grocery store, you name it, they have it.
The deli counter looked amazing and the smells... ahhhhhhhhhhhh!
I have severe food allergies, and did not have a adverse reaction , to anything i tried.
And then i found this whole foods!
After i picked up everything i "needed", i walked over to the prepared food section.
I bought some food to take home.
Well done, whole foods.
The only downfall is the food area is really slow sometimes.
Food was great as always.
Fresh, fantastic deli and market.
If you like a warm hot meal their lunch food bar is awesome
The food is great.
I have never had laos food but i am asian , the food here taste  very authentic asian.
Should try it if you are looking for some interesting asian food.
The most outstanding italian deli experience i could  imagine.
For the moment, this grocery store is much less pricey compared to whole foods.
The fruit and veggies are very reasonably priced and look terrific.
Limited seating area and cheap prices for cooked food.
Healthy food you can count on.
It's not just the quality of the food we enjoy, but the quality of the people.
I like getting the various pancakes specially the mung bean, chive, and seafood pancakes, the braised fishcakes, and various kimchee.
Of course the bonus is the food court and various other businesses all in the same building.
Reminds me of a local grocery and deli i grew up going to in my small midwestern hometown!
Best and fresh indian food.
Staff is also very friendly and price of the food is reasonable.
Very nice place; good selection; excellent service; have decent grocery store envy being from nj w no great food stores.
Greenland is much bigger and more spacious, with lots of ready-to-eat foods which are helpful for me who doesn't cook.
Next time you have a flight, skip the food court and come over here for your grab and go.
The seafood road show and meat roadshow were there today and it looked fabulous.
No rotten fruits and vegetables that i could see.
Their prepared food is outstanding and the real deal.
First off, their seafood selection was really incredible.
Defalcos is a small gem of a deli.
Just.show up at lunch and realize the 30 min wait is because its fantastic food.
Fresh produce is great & there freezer meals are delicious on nights cooking for one is too much.
The creme brûlée had a nice thick burnt sugar shell which cracked delightfully when tapped with a spoon.
Overall the food was tasty, though very rich.
Takeout food in styrofoam is not sexy.
I adore samples of food while shopping !
I felt like a gourmet cook when i got home with all my specialty food and drinks :)
Highly recommend italian food lovers check it out!
The montreal smoked meat sandwich and the pastrami sandwich was delicious.
We had been meaning to get over to this deli for awhile.
Our food was ready when we got there and was the perfect temperature-not to mention fabulous!
Delicious with pickles added.
Joining fresh city farms is one of the best food-related decisions i have ever made.
The meals are delivered to my door in cooler bags.
The meats are frozen and delivered on ice, ready to go straight into my freezer.
Overall this place was nice, it had a deli, a small store like portion, and the service was good.
Last but not least, of course, great breads and deli!
They have great food.
Its small and intimate, with a great selection of fruits, vegetables, meat, chicken, fish, and prepared dinners.
Store is clean, well maintained, with a parking lot and is extremely low in what they charge for food.
By the type i got home, this sandwich was still piping hot and smelled delicious.
Thank you so much for bringing quality italian food to scottsdale!
I love whole foods - i really do - but they are so expensive.
The deli is super cheap--$2.99 for a huge, delicious, fresh sandwich.
Overall, sprouts deli is the bomb.
Huge selection of fresh fish seafood snails etc.
This shoppe is right next to trader joe's and it's freaking delicious!
I love their selection of frozen indian food.
The garlic naan is delish.
I feel welcome there, unlike whole foods.
This is the best italian food i have ever had!
They make their own sausage in store too which is delicious!
I love their lunch foods.
The food is excellent, at a decent price.
Salem's is a great store almost as great as the owner (nicest man who is honest with the food).
That prime rib was absolutely delicious.
Great food and service.
They serve authentic laotian food in the back of the store.
We've always had generous portions of food whether it was dine in or to go.
Food and service were great for the first time.
Good food and good service.
They have an excellent selection of asian groceries, fresh produce, seafood, and house wares.
Yes..you can say im a big fan of their country, food and of course woman,  this spot is legit.
Today was my first  visit i took my food to go it was excellent.
This is where i go to get my seoul food on!!
There's a food court with yummy smells coming from each one!
!, kim-bap... for those familiar w/ korean food you have to have all your little side dishes right?!
It's walking distance to my home and the fruits and veggies are always fresh.
Solid food and service that is attentive and efficient.
So many other food items along the line that you can purchase as well.
I do like the deals at the deli.
Nice location, food comes in large portions, and you really get your money's worth.
I will save my money and go to food lion.
My boyfriend and i's go-to-spot for delicious italian dishes.
Their philly cheese steaks are also delicious!
The bbq pork was delicious.
Always delicious and one of our favorite spots.
I have no need to go to whole foods or any other kind of traditional super market.
The food court is not bad at all!
Fresh madison market is a great market in the model of whole foods, right on the uw campus.
The meat is tender and juicy and served with a delicious chimichurri sauce.
This is a pretty casual place since it's a deli/restaurant, so don't plan a romantic date night here.
The servers also work behind the deli counter as well.
Best argentinian food i have ever had in my life.
I had no clue i could eat all the food i ate and it's mainly because everything was delicious.
The buffet is delicious!
Hard to find indian food such as this around phx.
Order at counter and it's delivered to your table.
Best of all, the food is moderately priced.
This is a family owned store and i love how i can order cooked food as well.
They offer uncooked food items and cookware as well, from vegetables to frozen fish to sticky rice baskets and spices.
Chick parm...deli meats...fresh pizza dough...i love this place.
Best health food store i've been to in toronto.
Their prices are a little high (higher than trader joes) but much less than whole foods for a similar selection.
There are fresh vegetables delivered twice weekly.
I end up wasting food and i can't stand doing that.
I do find bargains in the fruit that's about to expire.
I feel that paying $3+ for pre-cut fruit in a small-ish plastic container a bit much.
Plus, i'm lazy as all f*ck about cutting up my own fruit.
The small food counter inside the store was limited in its selection, but had some tasty vegetarian options.
Food, service, location, relationship with the team, everything was perfect!
This is one of my favorite food stores to go to.
They have literally everything you can ask for and even the food court!
No more missing asian food thats good and affordable while visiting vegas!
Everything was delicious, but the turkey itself was the real standout.
Being a vegan i'm always looking for new places to buy organic/vegan food and this place is it!
Pastries are fresh and delicious!
Ordered food and the guy that brought us our food was really polite.
Everyone there is real nice, and you can buy anything they serve from the deli.
Lots of local artisan foods.
A gourmet european deli in the middle of vegas?
Mike and tina were in business in la among all the russian / eastern european delis in the valley.
Tina is also a talented artist who painted the art hanging on the wall at the end of the deli.
Upon recently moving to az, i didn't have much hope to be able to find quality, authentic italian food.
The food knocked my socks off.
The food is consistently good.
And so we wanted a place where we could get food on the go and start with our drive.
Came across rani's world foods with a google search and it couldn't have been any better!!
I used to be excited by asian stored with a wide variety of junk food.
It appears to be a family owned deli.
Some prices are a bit more than others but i can always get good quality fruit, vegetables and meat.
If you shop strategically, you can get a lot out of whole foods without spending your whole paycheck.
I am all for non-gmo verified foods, and whole foods market has a huge selection of products like that.
A very high-end grocery store which sells lots of great food.
Their old store was not so big that they might have limitation on stocking too much variety of food.
It's just a convenient store with a deli counter.
Their italian sub tastes exactly like the subs we would get at our favorite deli in new york city.
They deliver most of the time but if you have to drive it's worth every mile.
You just walked in and were immediately hit with the aroma of 100 years of delicious treats.
They have tons of delicious snacks.
Where else can you buy lottery tickets and affordable take out chinese food?
So they are really doing their part to reduce food waste in the community.
It has everything we need, food, starbucks, and bank.
The vegetables and fish are fresh and delicious.
The food is fantastic and you can find some good authentic italian groceries.
A lot of spices i've never had the food there but everything your looking for in one stop shop!
The parrillada is very good and the rice is delicious.
They have a deli area where i got to sample a piece of pastrami.
They have everything from fruits, veggies, frozen meats/icecream/dumplings/etc.
Some people just expect this 5 star service, but it's a deli not a restaurant!
The number one omiyage gift is a food item.
Delicious with bodega pierce emotiva an arizona wine from willcox.
Great food don't tell everyone about our hidden little gem in scottsdale or it will get very crowded.
There's an electronics section, clothing, cookware, mattresses, books, toys, vitamins, food, and the list goes on and on.
As your trip to costco comes to a close, you'll encounter their prepared food area.
Everything we had was really delicious.
We ended up having our dinner that weekend when everyone was home, and it was quite delicious.
Food prices can be high but i always look for stuff on sale.
He keeps the place pumping out amazing food all day long.
Great shawarma, falafel, nice fresh pitas....everything you want in a mediterranean deli!
They have a fresh food selection and a hot table if you need a quick dinner or lunch.
First time here to vegas and i was craving for lao food.
The food here was awsome.... it was just right and satisfying.
All of the fruits and veggies are organic at the main stands.
Hands down the best deli/grocery in phx and one of the best in the country.
Delivery all the way!
I learned that safeway delivers groceries here in phoenix.
The first delivery is free!
Setting a delivery window is painless.
He was incredibly polite, delightfully pleasant, charming and witty, despite having carried rocks up to my second floor apartment.
These are of the foodcourt booths.
It was delicious- this is one of my favorite korean dishes specially on a hot day.
Will be eating at this food court quite often since i work close by now.
***** mr. colorfood 6/25 i tried another booth, the most recently opened mr. colorfood.
*** noodle village 9/7 got the "spicy noodles with vegetable".
Just a note- mr. colorfood and namyriang are now closed.
This was a lot better than the premade ones in the greenland deli since it's fresh made.
The fish and greens were all fresh and for $7.99 it was a good portion of food.
Just a note- mr. colorfoods old booth has a sign for "school food" coming soon....what an odd name!
Curious to see what the food is like.
Amazing selection of deli meats!
Good food at reasonable prices.
When your order is ready they will come around and find you delivering it right to your table.
Only complaint is that the deli and bar are at opposite sides of the store.
Great value, good people and quality food!
The food is always scrumptious, satisfying, fresh, and served with a smile.
Even if the food weren't good, i'd recommend people to come here just for the atmosphere.
Fresh food, bulk bins, bars, tea, coffee, baking ingredients, nut butters, every type of natural sweetener, chocolate...
I've priced some of the vega stuff and they are miles under the prices at loblaws, whole foods etc.
Between tf and here there is absolutely no need to pay whole paycheque (foods) prices.
After talking with few happy friendly employees we decided to go to the deli first.
Crystal the deli manager recommended the cajun turkey.
At the deli we bought the cajun turkey, smoked ham, salami and provolone cheese.
Food peddler farm market has a variety of fresh fruits and fresh produce.
Food peddler farm market carries a variety of amish made products as well.
Food peddler farm market is an inviting place to shop warm and friendly employees, great service and great prices.
If you haven't managed, or haven't discovered food peddler farm market then you are missing out.
The capicola is incredible and their deli selection is second to none.
I had the  bakery make a smash cake for my baby's first birthday and it was perfect and very delicious.
The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious!
Biggest whole foods i have ever been to.
Compared to the whole foods back in philadelphia, there is a huge variety or organic food to choose from.
Their fruits and vegetables also appear to be if a better caliber than most other markets.
Liked how the cold foods where in a fridge and not the typical open face fridges like other stores!
Lots of everyday vegetables/fruit as well as asian goodies.
Every green leafy vegetable is available here.
I am a new yorker who loves deli, and this place is perfection!
Best deli in the valley hands down.
Took about 25 minutes to come out and the deli wasn't very busy.
Home made indian food!!!
It doesn't get this much closer to authentic indian food.
I've ordered quite a few prepared food items and they've never disappointed.
From gas to food to clothes!
The food court they have is a great deal as well!
I am brazilian and i love to find latin foods here.
The fruits and veggies are fresh!
Great vegetarian food with excellent spices.
You wouldn't expect a grocery store to have a long line for the restaurant, but i understand why now--excellent food.
Best middle eastern food in charlotte.
The hummus and baba ganoush are both delicious.
The food did take a while to come out but i would say it was worth it.
Grocery aisles full of delicious goodies that i probably shouldn't purchase (but probably will).
Store also has many authentic caribbean food and spices.
Best place to get authentic indian vegetarian food.
Great kosher food and equally great pricing.
The deli case stocked full of salami, pastrami and every other -ami you can imagine!
For super foods (like cacao nibs), i'll still be going to kensington where it's significantly cheaper.
Stuffed peppers = delicious!
Only negative is that a weekday lunch might take a while to order and then get your food.
Great clean store with lots of healthy food options.
The fresh food bar is great.
Your extensive menu and delicious food.
All food is cooked fresh while you wait.
The food was excellent.
But the real surprise was the prepared food!
You can choose from a wide array of foods to take home like sheppards pie ( best i've ever tasted!
Perfect place to stop for some food on your way home from work.
But don't  shortchange yourself and only stop in for the dinner - this place is your one stop food place.
It's a farmers market,  a gourmet food store and bistro all in one!
Although this place has no luster to it, the food is so close to home cooking its awesome.
Overall great tasting food with good prices and will have me coming back in the future.
It is an amazing experience, from food to employees to the satisfied feeling after anything you eat here!
His menu was perfect and delicious.
So many dishes from hummus and israeli salad to mediterranean meatballs, schnitzel fingers, couscous, herb rice to a delightful tiramisu.
Shai and his wife esther delivered the food.
You don't need to keep kosher to enjoy the outstanding service and quality of food.
When our food arrived it was nothing short of life changing.
For complaining about the quality of italian food you sure don't seem to know anything about it.
After 8pm, the "cooked foods" area, the metal cart, i think everything on there (kim bap, jap chae, corn?)
There are so many argentinean restaurant/deli' s there...its great.
It's like a once stop shop for argentinean delicacies and great hot food too!
This place is great.... it has all of your authentic jamaican foods-thank goodness.
Love the deli here.
It is always clean with good food choices.
Buy your fruits, veggies, and breads there, and you'll definitely go home a happy customer.
Oh, and by the way, the soup came out delicious thanks to that turnip.
I'll definitely be stopping in more often for my regular fruits and veggies.
The only thing i would change for my next order is to ask for the food to be mild.
I should have taken the other reviewers' comments about the spiciness of the food to heart.
It's my new go-to for indian food in downtown phoenix.
Only thing missing is a good deli counter.
Produce is well-stocked with wide assortment of local and asian fruits & veggies.
Their is a reason this place is teaming from open to close don't miss out on this culinary delight.
Selections - they have a somewhat of an abundance of different ethnic foods (vietnamese - plenty, chinese, thai, philippines, korean...).
Service - at the seafood place, great!
This has to be one of the best whole foods i've stepped in.
At the entrance, you'll find various fruits and vegetables.
Frozen haggies in all sizes.. yorkshire meat pie... irish bread... scotland bread...shortcakes... fruit jams..and more!
They have a nice floral department and all kinds of prepared foods in the deli selection.
Try the pink lady apples ... very juicy, and so delicious.
The food here is delicious!
The food is always fresh and delicious.
Great little italian bakery and deli!
The cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great.
Same great people, same great honest food.
I love that trader joe's has managed to combine healthy food and convenience.
Sure, you can get less than healthy foods here, but they have conveniently packed healthy items too.
They are far more reasonable than whole foods.
Somewhere between a whole foods and hinens.
Real deal italian deli, or at least as real as you'll find in az.
Again, she thought the roll a bit "dense", but delicious overall.
This is my very favorite italian deli.
The food is delicious and so fresh.
A delicious italian feast for sure.
Tucked away in the back of a little plaza this gem of a place originates home cooked brazilian food.
Love the food at this place!
The fruit is the best in town.
The greek salad was delicious, and we followed it up with a 12" pizza bianco with added grilled chicken.
Shop with your eyes while you eat---deli, desserts, wine, all the italian necessities.
Produce is somewhat limited compared to sproutd or whole foods but all in all a real cool joint.
Quelques aliments bio figurent parmi les allées tels des nectars fruités, ou encore de l'huile d'avocat.
Food court is great.
They have pinoy food, snacks, desserts, vegetables, canned goods, and beauty products.
Fyi, laotians love spicy food...
The chai tea is hot and delicious!
We ordered 2 rani's thali lunch plate, 2 vegetable samosas, and 1 eggplant paratha.
The lunch plate was super affordable and a good portion of food for the price.
We were the only non-indian people there, which meant that the food was very authentic!
The vegetable samosas were crispy and delicious and i loved the 2 different sauces that it came with.
For dessert, i ordered the mango lassi to help me digest all the spicy food!
Love this place and highly recommend this place for authentic, flavorful indian food!
It was thicker than ihop pancakes, more greasy, and have very little vegetables and other ingredients besides the batter.
What i thought is missing from the "deli" are prepared korean bbq items with rice or bibimbop.
Imported sweets pretty much take up 1/2 the shop floor from fruit gums and fudges to toffees and chocolates.
I love italian food and this place did not disappoint.
We just moved here from la and missed schreiner's german deli in montrose near glendale.
Great food and wonderful value.
I loved the store, the people and the fresh food.
Great food and a large selection of import and quality domestic beers too.
The variety of organic foods and deli foods is incredible.
My boyfriend and i had spent way too much time researching good italian food when i remembered defalco's.
Awesome ghar ka khana type food.
Food:  1) croissant sandwich: very tasty!
Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but so much oil!
Price:  for the quality and taste of the food, it's very reasonably priced.
I would love to come back to try more bakery and food items.
Fresh, delicious and exceeds expectations!
I am very pickey when it comes to italian delis food due to being of mixed black and italian.
Rincon de buenos aires is the real thing.....love the food, atmosphere and the people.
It's a great place to eat or just go and have their delicious.
This place is delicious!!
My grandmother is from lebanon and is very picky about her food.... even she loved this place.
Thanks defalco's for cranking out some great food.
Probably the best food in vegas for the money.
Their bakery, sushi, already prepared foods (like rotisserie chickens), salad bar, and wine selection are really nice.
I found them to carry more health/beauty and household items than whole foods or trader joe's.
Packaged foods do not have gmo, high fructose corn sweeteners, or trans-franken fats.
There are also so many choices of fried fruits, and nuts available.
It's a whole foods.
Good meat and seafood sections.
Only downfall of whole foods is the price.
Great place for lunch, along with their outstanding deli salamis, prosciutto, homemade italian sausages and different cheeses.
Everyone said they were delicious.
This food is unique to the area and excellent quality.
And the prettiest sales lady too thank you for food made with love
They also have a nice selection of different foods you might not find other places.
They have a good variety of frozen fruit for my smoothies too.
Food was delicious and service was top notch!
The safiha armani was also tasty, with an even layer of well seasoned ground beef with vegetables.
So for great service, reasonably priced delicious food, and unique items in their store, 5 stars!
Sat down and the food started arriving not long after.
I was in the hispanic foods aisle, looking for chipotle peppers in adobo sauce.
The food is clean and delicious.
Most importantly food has an authentic mediterranean taste.
I love whole foods!
The cook put a great effort and pride in his food, what a concept.
Either way, this is a great place to come and stock up on the asian foods you crave.
There's also a little section of indian food and spices.
Interesting concept w/good food & beer/wines choices.
Okay - so i have been frequenting jc foodland for about 5 years.
It's a little pricey, but overall, they are a great source for all your hippy food.
Most of the menu offerings are right out of any brooklyn corner italian deli circa 1950.
We get the small veg/fruit bag and love it!
Macmillan orchards fit the bill - great food and friendly service.
Impossibly good italian deli in the middle of the desert.
A nice selection of fruits, veggies and other market needs are available.
The empanadas were excellent, the heart of palm salad was delicious and the steak was cooked to perfection.
Everything was tasty and the price was almost too little for this great food.
Amazing food and deserts no matter what is ordered.
I kinda fail at the learning to cook my ethnic food.
They stuff you full of food to show their affection.
My only qualm is that the food isn't next level spicy.
But this is a great place to come when i'm missing some homemade food.
This is my go to spot for any type of italian food.
Love the deli always have great services there.
From the massive deli area to the lunch food area with ample table/seating so you can relax while shopping.
Lots of cool food things to buy also.
It feels like a neighborhood store, with a deli, meat counter and good selection of what you need.
I love their frozen foods.
Household items, pet food, snacks, sweets, meats, bath products, fresh produce etc.
These people love delighting their customers.
The deli section is perfect for singletons with the most healthy made-to-order menu items.
Too bad, i liked their selection of unique fruits especially their cherimoya.
I like the variety of nuts & dried fruits.
They even have foods that you can heat up & eat.
Will def come back for all my asian foods.
There are also several excellent korean fast food outlets in the lobby of the market.
God bless the owner and his team of the jones market & deli store!
This place has solid italian food!
The red sauce is freakin delicious.
Out of this world soup, salads, meats, vegetables, flowers and bakery.
They have a wide variety of indian grocery products and few vegetables also.
From frozen food, spices, essentials to ready-made food... they have it all!
To add to this, they provide home delivery for an order of just $30!!!
Love the trader joe snacks and ready to eat foods or most part.
The deli has delish sandwiches- especially the california dreamin'.
Was able to order and have stuff delivered as a gift.
The produce is always amazing and the meat and seafood counter is to die for.
Great place for kosher eaters  the place contain the restaurant and the deli and the market  they serve kosher food.
We love this place every time we come it the food is on point !!!!!
Favorite stop on way home from work to pick up a quick delicious italian dinner!
Fresh salads, vegetables, etc.
Decent selection of fruit and veggies.
I returned to rani yesterday, and the food was amazing.
Yes,the service may be a bit lacking, but the food is not.
I bought the methi trepla from the counter to eat at home, and it so delicious.
Finally an asian food market that's close by!
Workers are nice and they sell filipino food too!!
It is nice ,the food is good, but it is not great.
The grocery food items for purchase have dust on them.
We recently fell into an affair with indian food.
It was plenty of food for two and all very nice.
I suppose it's hit and miss, but hey, it's packet food and isn't anything like the fresh.
I believe that the owners' family originally came from italy, which explains the atmosphere of the deli.
I love visiting whole foods - every specialty department is top notch.
The produce department offers a plethora of organic fruits and veggies...and some amazing house-made salsas and my favourite kale guacamole.
A lifesaver for fast food restaurant chain-haters like myself.
To fig out exactly what makes this target indeed super to me: it has a deli.
The deli sells many ready-to-eat items including baked goods, salads, wraps, snack packs, etc.
To my delight, they had three different flavors, all equally delicious.
I stop here any time i am in the kensington market for those "health food" store items.
They have a great selection of specialty food items such as gluten free, vegetarian, sugar free, herbal, etc.
Because i miss the food i ate while i was in china.
They also have a good selection of fresh foods.
Pastries are delicious; the coffee is fantastic, and staff is nice and helpful.
So you would think that a grocery store would have bad "fresh" food, but this place will seriously surprise you.
Fresh prepared foods are also readily available.
There is a beautiful line of freshly jarred soups and huge gorgeous platters of grilled vegetables.....whatever.
Medium rare has created their own branded line of food products.
Kudos to them for making sure to cover all their food bases.
Some of the reviews are confusing: i don't remember there being any food or alcoholic drinks available here.
I've had the meat lasagna which i loved  i also buy my italian deli meats there.
Very good homemade sandwiches, salads and italian delights.
It's all about the trailed mix, organic food, and samples here all of natures candies.
A lot like whole foods but a lot cheaper and less main stream.
Very authentic italian food.
Good selection of foods, service is great and always a clean environment, staff is also friendly
Here, you not only find hella cheap food, but also some clothing, electronics, office supplies, etc... really pretty much anything.
Yay for massive quantities of food!
But i love to get my other home essentials like toilet paper, frozen foods, and my heat dishes.
The food court is probably my fav, i recently discovered the $3.99 turkey sandwhich..omg so good!
I had heard it is great authentic italian food so i new i had to try it.
I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for real italian food like your grandma used to make!
You can build a great lunch from the cold food case, which is priced by weight.
The only drawback is that all your food comes out at once: salad, bread, entrée, dessert.
The customer service and delivery service are great!
If you're looking for meat that's affordable, fresh, and delicious, look no further.
Great dairy, spices, bakery, wine selection, vegetables and fruit.
Ryan in the prepared food section is great.
Somehow, they make the best deli sandwiches and we find ourselves visiting at least weekly to get our fix!
Obviously, whole foods is more expensive than albertson's or smith's but the quality of fresh food is worth the price.
We have also found the whole foods brands are comparable to name brand prices at regular grocery stores.
The beignets were delicious.
I have used smiths forever but being ill i started using vons delivery, ugh.
Hoping delivery service to follow.
My fettuccine alfredo was delicious.
All of the buffet food was fresh and hot!
Okay.... so it's walmart.... you can get everything from phones to food to well.... pretty much anything.
Great cheeses, deli, croquette, imported goods from the netherlands.
Oh, try their chocolate covered fruits or their chili mango slices or their cinnamon graham crackers.
So much food and not enough notches in my belts.
Perfect place, food is fantastic.
Service is exceptional and the speed of their service is why this might be one of my favorite italian delis.
Food are always good and the area where u eat is very clean!
Good fruit, vegetarian options are good, a lot of organic food too, and plenty of options period.
All over the store there were small tables set up with either samples, or freshly prepared food to purchase.
The food was fresh and everything was fully stocked.
So all the organic food is all in one place for you to see what they have!
The organic fruits and veggies are delicious.
It's also a deli and mini market.
So delicious yet seasoned simply so the meat can stand on its own.
After opening, this market far from disappointed and on the contrary - over delivered.
Delicious, freshest i've ever seen.
Some fresh salads and small  selection of fresh vegetables.
Also, the food items are generally cheaper than elsewhere.
This means that the handle, which everyone can touch, is in direct contact with the food.
They have a lot of organic foods, too.
The food here is amazing.
Simple food cooked home style!
I also like that they sell pops chips at f&e..yum-o  just like costco, they have samples of their food.
But, i'm sure defalco's leftovers are just as delicious!
They have freezers with convenience foods, and paper products for parties or small businesses.
They also have some meats, cheeses, pet food.
Great and authentic argentinian food, love their chimichurris, i always buy a jar to take home.
Items here are a bit on the pricey side but that's because the quality of their food is good.
I love coming here to pick up russian/armenian food.
Great food, family run, and excellent prices!
Food tends to run more towards the medium to spicy end.
I visited argentina 6 months ago and the food here was very much comparably authentic.
They were all delicious - maybe too much caramel in the crepe, but no big deal.
Our waitress was very nice and they were prompt with food.
It's great food, quaint ambience and friendly staff makes this an easy five stars.
Seriously tasty, and a huge amount of food.
Great service and food was very tasty and fresh.
I had lunch nearby at amena deli and i stopped in here to check the place out.
If you like smoked foods, this place is heaven!
Rani's is a nice indian super mart for spices n street food like the one u see in new delhi.
Home delivery option is excellent.
I learnt about csa boxes from michael pollan's book "in defence of food".
It is not tj's or whole foods ( but those are different beasts all together!)
Good deli, great selection of most every product.
Their produce and vegetables are actually pretty good as well!
It is a clean store i that is important to me since it is the place i purchase my food.
But i love this food4less location.
Fruit spinach veggies yogurt almond milk cheese flowers.
Excellent selection of delicasies and kitchen decor that make great gifts for your foodie friends.
This supermarket  has a vast selection of exotic vegetables and fruits to choose from.
All this talk of food reminds me of their great food court filled with deliciousness.
The food court alone is worth making a trip down here!
A great menu featuring coffee, gelato, baked goods and a deli case full of interesting goodies.
Amazing prices for the food and quality.
One of the best laotian food i've had there.
It has all the standard stuff like groceries, bakery, prepared food, butcher counter, etc.
There are not too many alternatives for fresh produce and organic food in and around surprise.
Organic selection of meats and seafood.
Beats anything whole foods, trader joes and other "healthy" food chains offer.
The fruits and produce here are usually fresh and the prices for them are way cheaper than your chain supermarkets.
Super delish, best i've tried anywhere!
Produce section - so many choices of fresh local fruits & vegetables.
Such little ingredients required to make delicious hearty soups with no additives or preservatives.
The deli counter offers a vast variety of cold cuts (they make their own turkey deli meat!
I'd recommend it to anyone who like indian food.
Great food made in the store, just like how i eat at home.
Very fresh made from scratch veggie food.
Enfin, le reste des produits (fruits, œufs, etc.)
It's a real grocery store, not just a hole in the wall health food store.
It came to just over $3 for one of those deli case hunks.
It is a smaller store, but does have a nice variety, including large rice section, fresh seafood and marinated meats.
I completely forgot about food 4 less since i live near 2 different grocery stores.
They had this east coast deli vibe going on and i loved the sound track they were playing.
And my hubs sandwich was super fresh and delicious!
If you have time to wait and savor the deliciousness of their sandwiches, go!
Vegetables and fruits are fresh.
There's a big veggie/fruit area... & i'm not exaggerating when i say it's fresh.
They have a wide variety of korean food options.
The food court is also a great addition.
Prices for food was very reasonable with small containers being $4 and large ones being $6.
Let me start off by saying the food here is delicious and authentic.
I've had the centurion calzone and meat lasagna and they are delicious.
The produce department is huge, a lot of fresh vegetables and chilies and at least one wall of dried spices.
They also have a huge variety of pastries and cakes which are sooo delicious!
This whole foods is way better than the one at town square.
I'm a regular at the meat department for my pet food.
(yes, pet food)  their service is amazing!
Tina's is an eastern european delight.
While they didn't have lemon soda, they did have delicious italian food.
The tfm has local fruits and veg as well as many awesome local food products for fairly reasonable prices.
All were raving about the food.
My favorite thing about this place would be their food section.
All filipino food and it's so so cheap for a good meal!
This is my go to place, i like it better than seafood city because it's more easy going and chill.
You order your food and someone will bring it to you!
I love how quickly they bring out the food, but most of all how delicious it is.
Also, on tuesday 5-7, the food sample counter turns into a wine sampling counter.
Funny set-up but great food.
I heard they are cutting their contract with american express but has not yet come to fruition.
Nice store with many "ready-to-eat" meals that are a life-saver for me not really a chef, just a food aficionado.
Rani's  is fully stocked and closer to me than the other ethnic food locations i often frequent.
Seriously the best deli in arizona!
They also have deli meats ready to be sliced.
I don't shop at whole foods but i can't imagine what wf would have on this place.
Great selection of food.
The burgers and breakfast food is hit or miss for freshness.
Best food and imports south of jersey!!
Nostalgia runs high for us  transplanted new yorker's-ferrucci's delivers.
Arizona does italian food better than it does mexican food!
Food is amazing and affordable
I also love their food court.
Sushi, some hawaiian and korean foods at decent price compared to djk and some other korean restaurants.
Whole foods carries organic produce and goods and often carries local brands you can't find at regular supermarkets.
I'm particularly fond of their candles, jewelry, food, teas, coffees, and wine selections.
There's always some weird, new, interesting, international food thing i'm wanting to try.
The food was excellent (chicken shawarma and veggie samosa) and jimmy was warm and welcoming.
Vegetables are fresh in morning.
Have eaten here a few times, it is a cheap yummy place to get food.
Also, their greek sandwich is pretty delicious.
Thank you to whole foods bakery for making my mother's birthday special!
For quick meals the sushi bar is excellent, so is the salad bar, and deli selections.
The prepared foods are not bad either, as are the desserts.
It looks like your standard deli with a few tables and chairs.
Don't forget to smother their delicious chimicurri all over the meat!
They also have a deli where you can buy empanadas, meat, cheese, and...
If you don't know what these are, i feel so sorry for your taste buds being deprived from deliciousness.
The categories of the asian food are very diversified.
Food supply (like korean cold noodle, kimchi, korean pancake and korean dumplings) is pretty much like h mart in chicago.
Anyway, my routine asian food shopping place.
They also have a food court in the entry.
Multigrain with mushrooms, peppers, olives, and pepperoni is delicious though.
Now their prepared foods section.. all crap.. looks like a sh!tty station casinos buffet.
Located in an italian grocery store / deli.
Have basically all the food that brazilian people like and in a fair price.
The food selection was good, so i ate like the prince of brampton that night.
Most asian food marts are no-frills and usually pretty run down.
And i attribute my full recovery to the excellent food offerings being sold at whole foods.
All of the food i eat now is organic and from the produce and raw sections of the store.
And when eating vegan, you need to eat about twice the volume of food, and the food must be organic.
You also need a full spectrum of fruits, vegetables, and herbs.
Whole food is the only place that sells what i need.
Whole foods has helped save my life.
Thank you whole foods.
Thank you for helping save my life with your passion for organic foods.
I loved that they had my favorite fruit on sale so that i can buy copious amounts.
I loved this deli grocery.
We would definitely go back for another foodie experience.
It's nicer, bigger and has a better selection of ready made foods.
The chicken caesar pasta salad is delicious as well.
The staff here was very polite and they quickly bagged our food before we continued our journey.
Very good food and a great experience.
However, i would recommend purchasing produce - especially fresh fruit- elsewhere (albertsons or smith's).
This is the best food of the gods, and its right here in calgary.
The complimentary food and beverage samples that they serve are enjoyable and plentiful, especially on the weekends.
I was immediately greeted by a delightful young woman named caitlin.
I think a lot of karma's business is in deliveries anyway (more on that later.)
Every juice i've tasted has been delicious and just loaded with some really powerful ingredients.
The best place to get any kind of indian food.
All of their food they sell is so fresh including the restaurant portion of it.
And i have never never been disappointed with the food.
2) the prepared food counter is also very solid.
Burritos are excellent, omelettes are excellent (although be prepared to wait) and the pizza and chinese food looks excellent.
The food is always comforting.
I really enjoy my shopping experience at winco food mart.
Fruits and vegetables are always fresher and better quality.
They also have a good selection mrs chan's vegetables (locally grown).
The pizza is delicious and cheap.
Best italian deli i have found.
The sandwiches are so delicious .
Also try their freeze dried fruits.
The meat was so juicy and tender, and the rice was delicious!
The service was excellent and the food was amazing!
They also have a very nice natural supplements and vitamins sections and carry some natural food products too.
Nice, large whole foods store.
If you are looking for a great sandwich that won't break the bank and taste delicious then go here.
They offer beer, soda, water... and also have an authentic italian deli.
I definite must if you need authentic korean food items!
The prepared foods section is very good too.
We love the food and stopping in for stuff as well.
Love the coffee pudding and all of the cakes are so delicate and not decadent which i like.
For fruits and veggies i go to another, but i still shop at tj's once a week.
Iced tea, baked goods, hot foods, salad bar, all are tasty.
This review is for the food court.
You wouldn't expect a food court to be in this unsuspecting korean super market but the food selections are great.
Excellent selection of italian delicacies.
The food is delicious.
Great seafood market !
They have a whole bunch of other food here including samosas, hot and cold salads, and other deep fried foods.
But still, they have a nice set of food selections.
Great food and friendly owners, they carry authentic brazilian dishes.
Great store with russian foods and delicious baked goods.
A great deli too!
I picked up a spinach and feta cheese baked roll that was so delicious...
Who doesn't love whole foods?
The decor needs some work, but the food and service is exceptional.
Don't be fooled, the food is fantastic!!!!
Great italian deli and market.
All the fruits and vegetables looked fresh.
During the afternoon they tend to have free samples of food like curry and iced coffee.
They also have some frozen hawaiian food!
I don't know much about korean food and ingredients, but i'm definitely willing to learn thanks to this market!
Has a full menu for food, but also some grocery and deli items.
They've got everything from fresh produce to bulk foods, and their selection is unparallelled!
The prices are pretty reasonable compared to other whole food stores and the location is prime.
Second favorite italian deli in arizona!
Friendly staff, amazing food, huge selection!
Only deli i enjoy more is guidos at scottsdale and shea, but that's besides the point.
I would recommend defalco's to anyone looking for a great genuine italian deli in the area!
If not for the food, then there's a sign that says meat won't be beat (har har immaturity).
Kudos to tammy in the deli.
This is a great place to taste the brazilian homemade food.
I expected more produce and freshly made food like fresh and easy.
Also, they check on their veggies daily so you can almost guarantee to get fresh vegetables from there.
We had the pizza and cheesesteak and both were delicious.
The staff and owner have always been nice or good, would recommend going if you want authentic brazilian food.
An credibly delicious bakery!
I enjoy going to this whole foods store.
They have a wide selection of fruits and unique organic and natural foods.
I really like the hot food bar to go.
The food selection changes breakfast, lunch, and dinner so it's nice to have something that's not junk fast food.
Their meats and seafood are so much better than my local grocery store.
My favorite thing to get front their prepared food are the ribs.
Their cakes are gorgeous and delicious.
The food was amazing.
The other half is a bar, a pastry counter, and a place to order food/drinks.
The lattes came out first and were delicious.
Shortly after the lattes were delivered, the beignets followed and were huge, hot, sugary puffs of deliciousness.
It's an italian deli/store that also serves up a full menu of food.
Check out their deli counter with their fresh salads.
We love the authentic food and amazing groceries you can't find anywhere else!
A pastiche of exotic smells and sights await you inside with the various legumes, flours, spices and fruits on display.
They have a good selection of wines and beer, they also sell wines glasses, bags, accessories and food too.
Never had brazilian food, but this was the perfect place togo first.
Food is always great!
Plenty of fresh mangos and whole jackfruit too!
I love unique fruits and it's cool to see them not in a can.
There's a fast food restaurant in there as well that sells pork crackling, filipino food, and bbq.
They have great frozen food section with main courses, sides, etc.
They used to carry some delicious concoction called cilantro salad dressing which was good on every-th-in-g!
The produce is fresh, meats are bright red, and the seafood is even reasonably priced.
All of the food that came out looked delicious.
The initial looks of it might throw you off, but the taste of the food is very authentic.
Food tastes home cooked.
The owner is amazingly nice and the food is fantastic.
This place has the best sandwiches & food for someone craving an east coast excursion of italian!
If you want food in a super hurry, go somewhere else.
You can still feel tucked away & watch tv until they bring your food over.
The meat was super tender and filled with delicious flavors!
Well that is exactly how i felt after my recent (and first) visit to the mega-sized whole foods in unionville.
Everything is pleasant here from the people to the ordering to the taste of the food.
The service was average in a good way and i will be back here to buy my fruits and veggies.
The deli counter seems to stretch on for miles filled with all kinds of delicious bites.
I think that i would come to koreatown just to visit the food court.
The greenland supermarket meets all of my asian food needs, desires, wants, etc.
This is my closest whole foods and i love the store and location.
They have a large seafood department and the meat selection can't be beat.
They have a few food items and they offer alcohol as well.
Delicious authentic brazilian food.
Passion fruit juice is a must try.
The food, the wine, and the bakery are all fantastic and authentic.
It was quite crowded when we were there but the service was quick and the food was nice and hot.
I think fresh city is far superior than the other organic delivery companies out there.
Most safeways have a nice deli and buffet to for chicken wings with different flavors.
Amazing indian food at great price.
The items they sell are legit and the seafood/meat section is diverse.
Big servings and amazing food & service...
I also had a fruit tart that was extremely tasty.
It is not only relatively inexpensive compared to other health food stores, it is also filled with endless product selections.
Regardless, it's almost 10-30% cheaper than health food stores in other neighborhoods.
Delicious every time we come in or get togo!
Their halal food is fresh, smoky, well seasoned, and goes well with their fresh baked pitas.
Their fruits and vegetables are fresh.
They have a small sections with eco-friendly products, and the ready food sections is vegan and vegetarian friendly.
But their rice noodles, tofu, seasonal fruits and other things like that are actually a good price.
I started shopping here more because i feel it's more affordable than whole foods.
Food was pricier than a typical lunch/snack, but for basically handmade with quality ingredients i'm not surprised.
And, usually, the samples are the food items on sale.
The food court is bomb diggity.
Best lao food i've had by far at a restaurant.
This place is simply awesome italian food.
In a town full of expensive, yet mediocre food, defalco's italian grocery is a local gem.
This is definitely my favourite take-out food in calgary, very friendly people and service is outstanding.
They keep prices low by sticking to the basics (no deli counter, meals to go prep, pharmacy etc).
Fantastic deli, with tons of italian specialty sandwiches and salads.
The food was amazing, homemade and fresh.
I recommend this italian deli to anyone in the mood.
The food is always fresh, the staff is always helpful.
As a deli, they make a great sandwich with great rolls and hearty helpings.
I always include some of their own grated parmesan cheese and their delicious croutons with my purchase.
My sister and i got the spicy papaya salad with crab and she delivered!
I've had great experiences with their deli, bakery and meat department.
This convenient food mart is undergoing a massive transformation.
Prices made me wonder why ever gone to whole foods or brennans.
The atmosphere is more like a foreign grocery store than a restaurant, but the food is really good.
Ok, i have only ever tried one dish but the other food looks really good too!
For almost three years now, i have been searching for a deli comparable to my beloved zanotto's in norcal.
The best italian food that i have had since coming to arizona plus's all the italian groceries you could need
Pricey gourmet/bio food emporium.
I can't believe that this tiny little place can hold so much food and fresh items!
Other food items to note - olives, samosas, caribbean patties, empanadas, cheese (like feta, halloum), sweet mediterranean desserts.
Family owned restaurant with good home style food.
Fresh sushi prepared daily, and they will deliver!
We used to never buy meat here (or any food lion) but now we do.
Staff is always nice and helpful, especially in the deli.
I used the delivery service for the first time on saturday.
I was sent a msg that the delivery would be a few minutes late.
The delivery charge was reasonable.
You'll find the standard prepared foods, deli, seafood, meat and bakery counters but also an extensive variety.
I didn't realize there was a food stand inside, but glad i found out.
The food is all made fresh and has the home feel taste to it.
The food was delicious and had all the groceries you could possibly ask for!
Great italian deli....i love the hot sandwiches.
One thing i really like about  whole foods or any shopping market, is going shopping with my wife.
Whole foods market is a major community center for healthful living.
Whole foods it caters to every healthy lifestyle and special need, while also maintaining mass appeal.
Its offerings include fresh organic, gluten-free, low fat, fat free, vegetarian, vegan, raw food, and more.
The selection of items and brands at whole foods is thorough and exhaustive!
Perhaps the only major criticism of whole foods market is their pricing.
This is why whole foods markets are often located in busy living areas.
Here in las vegas, the whole foods market locations currently include tenaya, summerlin, henderson, and town square.
The hot food bar and salad bar normally cost $7.99 per pound.
They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, seven days a week but can we get some soulfood at whole food.
It's everything we could ask for in a health food store.
They also always have samples of at least one food item and one beverage.
You will see you pantry still full of food after 2 weeks go by.
The food is excellent and the service is great.
$26 for all that food you can't beat it.
Boca do brasil it  is a great  restaurant servers great brasilian food it is authentic.
Very friendly owner, and very great food!
Gyro, gyro salad and platters are all delicious!
$20 for a delicious half-sheet cake.
I much prefer this place to whole foods.
My sister said her juice the other day was delicious.
Craved authentic laos food and this place hit the spot.
They also have helpful menu with pictures of the food in case you don't know name of the food.
The food was delicious and reasonably price.
The next time i'm in vegas, this will be my go to spot for authentic laos food.
The vegetables look fresher.
I'll never understand why sheetz food is so delicious.
If you are looking for really good italian food then this is the place to come to.
The food items are very fresh and very easy to find, very high quality, very fresh and crisp.
Fresh n easy, also offer near expired food at 50%-75% off.
I pretty much get all my food from here!
Fresh food, premium products, courteous service.
The fruits and vegetables are the main reason why i come.
I usually don't stay there to eat anyway; i usually take my food to go!
I went to whole foods for the first time this week.
Never have i seen a better selection of organic or all natural foods.
Their seafood counter serves sushi quality fish and has amazing selection.
Their prepared foods department has so many choices it's simply ridiculous, and too tedious to name.
The reason i didn't give whole foods a 5 star rating is the pricing.
I'm not against going there for insanely fresh produce, meat, seafood, or a great lunch.
He was very easy to talk with and knowledgeable about what they carry and what's delicious.
One major difference i have found though is in meats and seafood.
The selection, especially seafood, isn't that large and i'm more impressed with the overall quality at the competitor.
Sometimes it was someone filling in from the deli or something and they couldn't answer questions or give recommendations.
They also miss the five star review for the variability in freshness of their prepared foods.
Whether it was the cold or hot foods, sometimes they just looked old, dried out and unappealing.
Never seems to amaze me with how flavorful their food is.
The fresh oysters on feria night are so delicious and fresh!
You order at the counter, then wait for your food.
Salims simply has the best, least-expensive, healthy, portable, study-time food, ever.
This is absolutely the best study/writing food ever.
Same items you'll find in whole foods at a fraction of the cost!
All the fruit and vegetables were being stocked on sunday so hopefully monday we can get all of our groceries!
Fried whole fish with a spicy pickled vegetable  (chow chow).
Per all tjs, the prices are great--this is not whole foods!
The meat selection isn't the greatest, but for every other food item, tjs is my go-to.
Of course i also got 6 fresh baked baklava and also 2 delicious large samosas for supper later!
Its a whole foods meets lower prices and less pretentious clientele.
Airport food generally sucks - but not this place!
This place made my day - and made it more delicious to boot!
Not sure if this should be listed seperately but the small food court has started to open restaurants.
Nonetheless, we can't resist the food.
The food is magnificent!
The service is very good and the food hard ready very quick.
Why cook when you can eat the best ready-made food for less than $10?
I guess it is just because it is more convenient to go to fry's, whole foods, etc.
They've got a huge selection of inexpensive food and produce, that's all very tasty!
Who would've thought you could get really good food from the dollar store?
Always clean and the fresh foods section is pretty swell.
I just wish they'd carry the so delicious dairy free ice creams.
Some of the frozen food and packaged stuff is pricier but not by a ton.
Good food and good price but very simple place!
You'll find either of those in the aisles and ready to eat/hot foods at the back of the market.
Single serving foods for a quick lunch at work you can buy by the case.
Meats and seafood you can find seasoned and marinated ready for cooking or unadulterated for your favorite dishes at home.
This is one of the greatest little deli places i know.
I've never used just the deli, always opting for lunch.
The food is fresh and delish.
$6.95 for this delicious, delightful salad.
Whole foods i love it  good and fresh and organic should i say more you get what you pay for
A true middle eastern deli.
I just came back from india and kept craving real indian food.
This is my favorite store now, forget the whole foods!
I've tried a few sausages, including weisswurst, seafood, cheddar brat, and the hungarian sausage.
The most unique one is the seafood  which actually had salmon in it.
The cooked food area is huge with a great selections of dim sum, noodles and other cooked dishes.
Tanks and tanks of lobsters and fresh seafood are on display.
I saw groups of asians eating there so the food must be good.
The fruit is priced nicely and the bakery and deli make great food.
Ive heretofore not been brave enough to sample the prepared foods, but i think i just might, soon.
They have a wonderful mix of organic, normal, and asian food.
Feels very authentic, in the back of an asian food market.
The aunties cooking my food were friendly and talkative.
Hot and cold food bar lately is between "ehh" and "so-so" lately.
Absolutely one the best places to catch argentinian food, from the empanadas, milanesas and ensalada rusa.
The food and service is great as well.
2/27/2107 - tonite i ate lasagña at defalco's and it was delicious!
Not only is the food top notch so is the service.
I have waited longer for sysco reheated food in a restaraunt (bleh) and had worse service.
I would take a 10 min longer wait for really good, fresh food any day.
Great, organic food that you can't get anywhere else.
Uh, friggin' awesome deli turkey sandwiches -- by far, the best in the phoenix metropolitan area.
The food is very tasty.
You can get cut veggies, fruit, desserts like a slice of cake or rice pudding (my favourite).
There is a deli counter where you can get foods to go.
Whole foods is awesome.
Non gmo foods, gluten free, dairy free you name it, they have it.
Now about the food.
You may also want to take some home from the deli.
Yummy authentic lebanese food.
Super clean and bright store which is great for shopping since your buying fresh food.
Ordered a sandwich from the deli area and it was certainly delicious.
First off the bread and dip they start off with is delicious.
This is a very pleasant food lion to shop at!
Cost performance is great and delicious enough amount of meek makes my stomach happy.
My grilled veggie sandwich was absolutely delicious on a toasted baguette.
Best health food store i've shopped at in the city.
This safeway has a good sandwich and hot deli as well and tasty bakery.
Our food was amazing.
However, the variety of condiments, snack foods, and other goods make up for that aspect.
I think my kids love it more than me with all the food samples.
They aren't trying to be whole foods or giant eagle - they're doing fine just being zagara's.
Oh and the chicken parmigiana is delicious!
Haven't tried anything else but i'm sure it's all delicious!
(so another korean food joint albeit limited!)
And to finish a perfect dinner, i order a delicious flan with dulce de leche (argentine style) with coffee.
The meat department never disappoints...albertsons has always had the freshest meat & seafood.
High quality produce...gorgeous bakery, impressive deli and fresh sushi bar.
This is a corner store and deli with tables around the deli.
My wife and i keep going back for the comfort food of steak sandwiches and fries.
Wine and beer are reasonable.you can order whatever looks good behind the deli glass such as empanadas or deserts.
Their selection on food items is huge!
Variety of hot foods to choose from!
Hella far from where i live, but worth the drive and gas to get my hands on authentic lao food.
Besides the hot food, theres asian vegetables, jael bong(chilli paste) balut(baby duck egg) rice and many more.
Smiths has there very own deli.
Fruits and veggies are mostly fresh.
They serve a wide variety of fresh and packaged foods, as well as prepared foods.
There is also a small food court outside and a small bakery stand as well.
The prices are fair and the food seems very fresh.
They offer food that is healthy and affordable.
Visited from out of town after seeing on triple d's food network and it was great !
You walk up order off the menu and wait for your food...
($3.99/slice)   loved this joint - great price , great food.
The sandwich itself was delicious.
For the first time in ages, i'm actually interested in food again.
Thanks for the reapers and thanks for all the other good food i got as well!
They are definitely slightly more than food basics, sunny's supermarket or no frills.
The best place around for quick italian food.
Authentic grocery deli and restaurant...great staff and the best philly cheese!!!
Really great food, incredibly friendly staff, good sized portions.
There were over 20 guests at the party and the amount of food was more than ample.
I'd give the food 5stars and the service 3stars.
But over all food was great and it's a better eating spot than the whole foods down the street.
I would take a picture of my food, but i ate every last bit of it.
Food, fashion, friendly staff.
They've even got raw jackfruit, which i know is becoming a popular superfood.
I also like their seafood salad in the seafood cooler.
They always have some unique kind of salmon burger and its always delicious.
The coffee drinks are delish too, i think much better than starbucks.
I also like the seafood department.
They have everything i need to make my filipino meals if i can't go all the way to seafood city.
They have a variety of vegetables and good meat selection.
From a food lovers perspective, fiesta farms is _almost_ perfect.
The vegetable and fruit selection is great!
Would love to see some more european style deli like blood sausage, patte's, etc.
Great food menu.very unique drinks, most which are really pricey.
Delicious, finally a good falafel place in pittsburgh.
Extremely clean, always delicious and affordable.
Surprising place to go for a date night but we love it because it's absolutely delicious!!!
Great staff, great food, laid back atmosphere... highly recommend
Convenient local downtown market that is as close to whole foods as you're going to find.
Food for khmer/thai/lao cravings.
They charge 6.99 for a huge portion of food along with a soup.
Lots of unique cheeses, fresh produce, meats and seafood here.
Glad to see charlotte getting more whole foods.
If you're looking for a $5.99, quick, nutritious and delicious lunch special, then this could hit the spot!
I finally tried the food counter at rani's.
Definitely add this to your list of quick, cheap ethnic lunch delights!
The wait for food was what you'd normally expect, and it was nice and hot when we got it.
=p the only thing i haven't tried @ this sam's location though is their hot foods when you checkout.
The selection of food is great!
I was blown away by the amount of vegan selections available, from the bakery to the deli.
My favorite neighborhood deli and convenience store.
Let me preface that you can expect great service and food here.
Carry out & delivery ($10 minimum order)
The food is always great, especially the brazilian specials and pizza.
Super friendly staff and quick delivery.
Very good food and staff are very friendly.
We had a platter and everything was delicious.
You order your food first and then pay after you're done eating.
Nothing too glamorous, but the food was delicious and very affordable.
The way they have their food is deli style.
So there's a hot table where you can see the food and choose what you want.
Go on a day where you don't care about your diet and just enjoy these gorgeous, fried, delicious, magical treats.
We got a baguette to go which was also delish.
Great food; insane service.
But the food...the food shut me up it was soo delicious.
Food is so awesome and like home made.
Fresh, delicious food, outstanding staff in a comfortable restaurant/grocery store deli setting.
Great food and great prices!
Their prices are waaay cheaper than whole foods and everything is good quality.
As a foodie, i was actually surprised this place even existed in pittsburgh airport.
By now you can guess this place is awesome for foodies.
Food was great, the bread was excellent.
Back for more goodies, love the experience shopping here, great prices consistently and the food is always fresh.
The word foodgasm does not even begin to describe the feeling i got with the first bite!
Also- the ii purist is delish.
Excellent assortment of asian foods.
They have a food court with a good variety of options if you don't feel like cooking.
The food is amazing...and im not the biggest fan of italian food.
I suggest you place your order before heading there so your food will be ready and waiting for you.
Quality and simplicity are what make great italian food, they have those two important factors down!
Their sandwiches are delicious!
And very casual and low key, but delicious!
I have not tried any of the desserts yet because i am just stuffed, but they look delicious.
I dealt with chelsea from the deli today and she was so pleasant and very helpful!
Nevermind the new ones or the "originals" this is the best location service, food, deli...
Going down to the food court alone is worth the trip.
They were absolutely delish...really, enough for 2/3 people...but i still ate all three.
The best italian deli in arizona.
Great selection of fresh seafood items.
Even they carry german premium honey , delicious ...
Wow - very impressed on our first visit to aj's fine foods!
When entering the store you are amazed by the smell of food.
As we continued to roam, we went by the deli, soup bar, salad bar, and many other fine foods.
My mom and i shops here for necessary things such as: food and  household supplies.
Their little cafe-ish that they have inside is a good deal for their food!
I wasn't able to find foods as fresh and decently priced as the ones being sold at this safeway market.
It is so hard to find home style indian food in vegas.
But after all vegas is all about rich food.
It is an ideal spot to eat some food if you have visitors from india.
They will not be disappointed with their food.
The other day we went to try their chaat and it was delicious.
However, its payment is at the store entrance, which is different from the food payment area.
Recommendations: definitely try the calzones, pepsi fans will be extra delighted that the soda fountain is extra sweet.
The bread is delicious, the beefs are delicious (not over salted), and the fixings are always fresh.
Produce section is pretty decent, and though limited in selection, the food is in better shape than some stores.
My favourite food group!
Best italian deli around scottsdale.
Excellent food & worth the wait & price.
Can be very busy & have waited a long time to get my food.
The food tastes so good that i am happy to wait anytime.
Amazing food every time.
[overall] - 5/5 this smoothie was healthy, delicious, contained high-quality ingredients, and was vegan (bonus points)!
Authentic italian food and especially groceries are hard to find, but defalco's has it perfected.
We've been going to the food peddler since it opened and have watched them bloom into what it is now.
They still carry fruits and veggies and their deli is one of the best ones around.
They also have meat, some fish and some name brand frozen foods in the cold section.
Great deli meats and cheese display when you arrive.
Good food, friendly people and decent prices....yay!!!
They serve absolutely delicious gulabjamoon (a syrupy doughball dessert) and have a decent indian chai.
Food peddler is at the top if my list.
You can get canned goods, candies, dried fruits and snack mixes - there is something different every time!
The homemade sausage was delicious, lots of fennel seed, parsley, and mozzerella.
I'd love to try the deli items (anti-pasta, salads, etc) and omg the desserts looked amazing!!
Defalco's is the place to be for authentic and delicious italian food.
But, the real treat is the food they serve.
Upon entering there is a mall-type area, with shops on the left and a food court to the right.
The vegetable and fruit selection were bright and fresh, though my friend said a few items seemed pricey.
Great little market/bakery and the flatbread was delicious.
Also tried the dessert chocolate/nutella flatbread and it was delicious.
They specialise in quality food.
This location`s deli meat section has beef salami - which apparently most grocers don't carry.
The food court is really delicious as well.
Bomb bomb food probably the best italian place iv been to here in the valley!!
Pros: such a nice selection of tasty, gourmet-friendly foods; produce tends to be fresh-o-fresh; prices are reasonable.
Otherwise typically hard to get in your average grocery store, they have many italian brands of foods, cosmetics, pastas, sauces.
This whole foods location has it all.
Cereal, fruit/power bars, honeys.
The prepared food section isn't all that impressive, with most of what you'd find identical to any loblaws.
But what really got me was that whole foods sells wine...like, by the glass!
Everything is good, but the tika masala was very tender and delicious.
Visited this whole foods location for the second time.
We smiled at eaxh other, i just wanted to say lynnboy at the deli counter has a very pleasant disposition.
Definitely best indian food in vegas taste-wise, don't go here with high hopes, it's nothing like any fancy vegas restaurant..
Price is very good with a huge amount of food  quality is is worth it .
Food was tasty too.
This has better booze and fancier food.
This is a solid place for lebanese food.
Clean well organized store but the real prize are the ladies behind the deli counter.
The whole place was really well stocked with asian foods of all kinds.
I always find new & interesting things & i love the bulk foods!
If you are looking for real authentic italian food this is the place to go!
I have been eating here for the last five years and it truly the best italian food around arizona.
They have little pastries, sushi, sandwiches, fresh fruit, snacks, and groceries!
My boyfriend and i love this whole foods!
The cafe area is huge and so is the deli area.
Every table gets a starter plate with a biscuit, muffin, and a huge plate of fruit with greek yogurt.
Fruits and veggies looked fresh and they had a good selection of baby food.
Defalco's brings italian food to a whole new level!
They also have these little marzipan cookie/cakes that are so delicious for only about $1.
Beautiful european type store with a ton of cool food items.
It was visually appealing, fresh and delicious!
Great sandwich and didn't break the bank for something healthier than fast food.
Will be back since the food was good and really nice people.
Fab, quick food for pennies!
The selection of beer, food and soda is very nice.
The seafood and prepared food sections are my favorites.
Great location, friendly people there and they have some nice food for the health-conscious :)
Who the heck doesn't love huge amounts of toilet paper and free samples of food... come on now!
All kinds of exotic fruits,veges and so much more...worth the trip
Best italian food in az hands down.
Sf market is where we do all our asian food grocery shopping.
We love to come get our vegetables and fruits here, whatever you are looking for they have it all.
Bitter melon, bok choy, dragon fruit, jack fruit, papaya, asian pear, logan fruit, lychee, and more!
The seafood selection is huge, fresh cat fish, tilapia, dungeoness crab, stone crab, and sometimes lobster.
Frenco health food grocery on st-laurent blvd now has a beautiful café with indoor and outdoor seating, nice!
In my opinion, defalcos has the best italian food hands down.
They also carry sweets from the earth, and live organic food bar ready made food to go!
Besides a huge grocery store filled with authentic indian groceries, they have a kitchen where they cook fresh food daily.
The food was surprisingly really good.
The kids had a blast and ate all their food which tells you how good everything was.
Supporting local, organic, and ethical food is important to us.
Beyond the produce bags, the online market has an extensive offering of food in every category.
We can sub out anything at any time and easily take a delivery break if we'll be away.
Their prices can be a little high for fresh fruit and hot food though.
But i'm looking for more options in their hot food bar as well as their refrigerated to go food.
They have a good selection of fruits/vegetables, pasta, sauce, soups, condiments and drinks.
This is a must have if you are in phoenix and are a fan of indian food!
And don't forget about the italian sausage...delicious!
Love all the products, great foods, lots of organic options and clean food choices.
We tried two samples, but the one that gave me a foodgasm was the lavendar lemon donut ice cream.
Yes it's busy & you may have to wait a moment for your food.
It has wide selections of oriental foods selection without having to drive to china town.
The seafoods on ice seem very fresh.
The store also has a cafeteria type of filipino foods.
You can get sushi-grade tuna, fine cuts of meat, various gourmet prepared foods, etc.
I got the palak paneer combo- the portions were great as was the food.
They have good looking fresh meats so we took some home and i am sure it will be delicious.
Glad i found a good italian deli.
All of the f&e brand packaged foods and drinks i have tried have been great.
Hands down, the best food delivery service in the gta.
I know trader joe's has healthy foods, but unfortunately i never buy them.
=d  other than that, i felt the restaurant had great customer service and the food was good.
Love this place, food is amazing!!!
I've never been disappointed with their food and they are super dog friendly.
Have eaten here several times, and can't say enough good things about their prepared foods.
Takes a while to get your food (mostly because they're always busy), but it's well worth the wait!
My second time visiting this place and sure did love the hospitality and delicious food!!
I love the ramen selection as well as the kimchee, sides, and other food items they sell ready to eat.
I would highly recommend anyone here who is looking for authentic brasilian food!
The food here reminded me exactly of being back in salvador.
The coxinha was delicious and it's the first time i've found it in the united states.
This is authentic street and home food that the majority of brasilians eat.
Great price, lots of real deli meat.
I love italian delis but this is my fav by far!
Challenge accepted, i set out on my own personal man vs food bout.
Long story short, the food won by a knockout.
Best guess is that in a large plate they serve about 1.5 lbs of food and for under $10!
But this isn't food you could easily replicate at home, their jerk chicken is perfectly seasoned.
Frenco has a large selection of bulk foods from spices to grains to dried fruits, nuts, beans and more.
The food is made with love and care.
Whether it's for the grocery aspect or the restaurant, it is delicious!!
The best brazilian food in vegas.
Generally tasty food, nice atmosphere, cool grocery store/products, very very tasty cannoli.
Where else can you find a wide selection of organic, esoteric, 'ethnic' and delicious food at a great price?
They have all of the sauces and ingredients you need to make authentic thai and laos food at home.
Great vegan options, fresh fruits, vegetables  and the organic belgian dark chocolate with quinoa.
I go here for the food just like i only read the articles in playboy.
To me, buying whole foods in house brand, 365, is the way to go.
The seafoods are way overpriced, while the same stuff can be purchased in china town for half.
Moderate pricing and very fresh food.
The amounts she recommend were spot on and every item was delicious!
I love korean food and this place makes it so easy have a korean meal at anytime.
The size aside, these things are moist and delicious with just the right amount of icing.
It's huge, take and bake and just delicious.
Good , unusual food light music in background large selection of wine.
Love coming here for asian groceries, certain produce or fruits that you won't find in regular grocery stores.
There's a small deli for good delicious filipino food and you can eat here too!
You can find fresh seafood and fresh meat which isn't too pricey.
I loved coming here the other day lots of the food i love to cook with at amazing prices.
The food is top notch.
The deli is also great!
The best korean market and great food court.
Very good selection of high quality meats, seafoods and produce.
The food court has so many good choices would highly recommend trying a few.
Island flavor is delicious.
Place to go to find the foods and drinks from european little countries.
They have pretty decent selection of deli meats and sausages.
That phrase was the theme of my first trip to whole foods market.
The cakes in their bakery area looked quite delicious also.
I love to shop for all my korean food addictions here, and i get it all in one sweep.
We shop there at least twice per year and save big on fruits, vegitables, wine, and certain meats.
I've purchased, in some cases, 75% more food for the same price as normal grocers.
Lots of food for the money!
Being a sucker for italian delis, i decided to head over and see what they had.
I always discover something new and delicious every time i go.
They have some many food items made of poultry and seafood.
An awesome little italina deli, i would recommend the il purista sandwhich.
Family run, good meats, good prepared foods!
I usually pick up their fresh turkey for the holidays, juicy steaks, bacon and their delish cured sausages!!!
They are home-made and delicious.
It is because i don't want to miss any delicious options offered on that day.
Being brazilian i think i can give an accurate review about the food.
It's brazilian comfort food!!
Veggies, fruits, fresh/frozen seafood, meat, kimchi, rice, candy, instant noodles...
I've tried various kimchis, ddukbokki, japchae, jun... not very good - the food court is not impressive.
Lots of unique cheeses, fresh produce, meats and seafood here.
It pains me to say, but i do love whole foods.
I genuinely believe that every single whole foods employee loves their job and is happy to be at work.
It took me few years to try their foods, their in house made, i mean, and now i'm addicted!!!
Also, there is also a cooked food area on the back right corner where you can buy food take-out style.
All the food ordered was amazing--the mussels are a must have!
Otherwise its your run of the mill asian market with a food court.
Boar's head (the best meat, no fillers) at the deli- to the far left.
The health foods are up against the wall, past the deli counter, in the produce department.
It's clean, free of weirdos, and the people working here are pretty nice (the pharmacy, the deli and at checkout).
The bakery is second to none (fruit log cake?
I love their prepared foods too.
From utensils to fruit to cereal, drinks, and cooking supplies.
The best compliment i can give this place is that it reminds me of italians delis back in hoboken.
The foods, especially the pizzas and the stuffed peppers.....
This place has produce, dried goods, and a bulk foods section.
It's a korean supermarket with authentic korean food and groceries.
It's a grocery store/bakery/food court all in one!
The food court is small, but the food has huge flavors.
Okay - it is not the most fresh smell when you walk in but the seafood counter is right there.
We saw guy fierro on food channel and wanted to try this!
A small italian market with incredible food.
It does take some time to get your food, but the wait is definitely worth it!
They have an excellent deli and the employees all speak russian and  english so you will be a good shape.
They're so incredibly fresh & delicious.
This was the very first "big" whole foods i had ever been to.
Come for the food, and stay to shop.
Or, come here to shop, and stay for the food!
Their home made italian sausage sandwich is $6.85 and deliecious; while their equally yummy chicken parmigiana sandwich is $7.50.
But if you come, stay & shop in their imported italian foods section.
Try the capicolla at the deli counter.
We came here to pickup some italian delicacies recently and stayed for lunch and glad we did!
An independent grocery store in toronto that isn't tiny or focused exclusively on specialty foods?
We got some great cuts of meat, cheeses, and vegetables at average to good prices.
They also carry hard-to-find brands in supplements, bath/beauty, and food ingredients.
And food is on point, and fresh!
Defalco's is good, delicious, italian fun.
Add delicious cannolis, fast service, and a huge menu, and you've got a recipe for awesome.
Want healthy and organic foods?
What i was impressed with was their extensive salad bar and deli items.
Everything looks fabulous and delicious.
If you make your way to the back of the store, they have a very large meat and seafood department.
The food is displayed perfectly and could easily go nuts there too.
I can't wait to try many many things from whole foods!
This place can be a lifesaver in a place like chambana for anyone who regularly cooks asian food.
My friends asked me to stop by whole foods market on the way to the airport.
Imagine how delighted i was that the texture of this scone was actually really close to 346's!
Not too fancy like whole foods but "green" enough for those crazy kids!
I like this place a lot because it offers up very fresh fruit and veggies.
Plus they have a really great selection of organic meats and seafood.
The thing i really love about this place is the large selection of food to go.
Will totally be back for food items.
They have amazing quality, and it tastes delicious.
Delicious, home cooked brazilian meals!
As i said the food is awesome!
They sell mainly korean foods and products but do carry other asian & american foods/products.
Their pre-made food section is awesome!
It's a great place to grab a quick & delicious meal.
Bring your own napkins and eat in the adjoining food court.
I am new to pgh and was hoping to find some great arab food in the area.
I will definitely be coming back for some more good, lebanese food in the future!
I also like that the grocery market itself has a hot food section where you can purchase cooked korean food.
My favourite part of this entire market is the food court!!!
Freaking awesomely, amazing selections of korean foods you can order.
The smell of the spices through the store is delicious.
I love the food so much i've learned to take it for what it is and enjoy the food.
My favorite sections are candy & frozen food.
If you want quality meats, veggies and fruits aj's is the place for you.
This alone and the fact no other deli compares, i give them 5 outta five stars..
A quirky blend of deli and café, rincon boasts lots and lots of meat.
Everything was delicious and everyone was stuffed...but not so stuffed for dessert.
I know good food in general, and defalco's blew my mind.
I have the opportunity to enjoy great italian food from them as long as i can remember.
It helps both the retail industry, and the food industry in general.
Completely unexpected and disappointing, given my usual positive experiences as a long-time shipper of whole foods.
The samosa was good, the pastry was good, the small sized shawarma was really huge and delicious.
The all the types of baklava were really really delicious.
Awesome place to get some good delicious food.
What can i say, trying to do the whole foods route.
On top of that, their prices are reasonable compared to whole foods.
French food is nothing without desserts, and french grocery's eclairs, opera cakes, and macaroons are all delightful.
Grocery experience is still the same: lots of food for reasonable prices.
This market has a pretty good variety of asian foods!
Warm service and exceptional food selection.
Their hot and ready food always tastes good.
Not too long ago i discovered that they had a good breakfast food that i sometimes pickup on the weekends.
Their food is always good.
Awesome variety of eastern european food.
Yummy treats :)  they sell cooked food too.
Great old school charm, wonderful food!
Excellent food, nice staff, great grocery items.
They were as delicious and fresh as they look in the picture.
There are so many good things about de falcos, if you care about food, you must go.
This is a wonderful fresh market and upscale food to order place.
And their sushi is top grade and fresh..delish.
My one small complaint would be to go back to boars head deli meats.
Other than that, appreciate the great clerks that work the counters..always nice, quick, helpful and knowledgeable about their food.
Some kind person always gives me a special greeting, a warm smile, a delicious sample or a wonderful suggestion.
I buy all my weekly fruits, veggies and snacks here.
Best deli in town!
This is how a neighborhood deli / store should be, not enough of them in az.
It's the "cheers" of deli / convenience stores.
We had the centurion calzone and the beef cheesesteak and they were so delicious.
Foodwise, bread, veggies, meat, and cheeses are decent.
Literally the best place for students and locals who want diversity in their food.
If you're in the tempe/scottsdale area looking for good east coast style italian food, this is the place.
We loved the family, the food, the grocery....everything and after 15 years, miss it like crazy.
Geesh, i can taste that incredible food!!!!!
The mixed argentinian grill is really delicious !
A mom and pop laos market that serves authentic laos food.
Out of all the food the kao kiap was not good at all.
They have pretty much all of my favorite korean foods all in one place.
Their pastries are delicious.
Im talking mini carrot cakes, mini fruit tarts (yes!!!
Additionally, they have home made chocolates which looked equally delicious.
This place has everything you could be possibly looking for in a health food store.
Amazing food and service!
The quality of the food is very good.
They have a deli, starbucks, a bakery and even a bar in the back.
Unfortunately, i don't know nothin' bout french food.
The service from the staff was excellent, the food is very generously portioned... the baked goods isle is mesmerizing.
Beware of super garlic-y breath after consuming food from jimmy's.
You can also get everything from hookas to pita bread while you're there waiting for your food to be served.
Awesome food, awesome service.
The vegan deli is yummy and the coffee is even better than cartel.
Seafood - they have some pretty darn good salmon, halibut, scallops, and lobster tail.
Chicken tacos,sandwiches, pasta, pet food etc.....  deserts- amazing deserts and bakery items.
My previous experiences with whole foods were all incredibly negative.
This whole foods was absolutely delightful.
Their lunch counter, though incredibly expensive, provides tasty food.
This place has a brazilian pizza menu that delivers but i never once tried it.
Always delicious and filling.
Check out the chicken breasts too, they are huge and delicious!
A wonderful little bastion of italian food culture.
A grocer that offers a bit of everything from deli meats and cheese to frozen pizzas and fries.
Easy to find what your looking for, especially if you're into local sustainable food producers and fresh organics.
You go up to the counter and order your food and then they bring it to your table.
I needed to buy a few items and stopped into food city.
Good selection of food and home hardwares.
It has a great selection of south asian and eastern asian foods, ingredients, and snacks.
They also sell ethnic food so i got a chicken samosa, haloumi cheese and ayran yogurt drink.
Everything we tried was delicious, fresh, homemade.
Solid italian deli in phoenix.
This place is great and has 95% of what i want when i'm looking for asian foods.
We had heard about rani's from a friend who is big into international food.
I love indian food, and indian culture, so going to this store has been on the list for a while.
Oh and they have kiwi fruits for very very cheap!!!
I buy food, clothing, furniture, appliances, etc, etc at costco.
And they now finally carry so delicious coconut milk!!!
Defalco's italian grocery 2334 n scottsdale rd scottsdale, az 85257  defalco's reminds me of many italian deli's in new york.
Racks of italian foods that are often hard to find, and a long line to get waited on.
The sandwiches are food of the gods.
Good food, good service worth waiting for, and good attitudes all add up to a solid 4 star rating.
I seasoned with a dash of salt and deep fried them using house autry seafood breader.
Actually the perch was a dollar cheaper than fresh catch and southside seafood market.
Classic fry's food layout with friendly service and safe atmosphere.
The food is amazing and it is real french food!!!
Having said that, this store lacks many food items that superstores have.
They have an awesome juice/fruit infused water area!
They also have a salad bar, it's almost like a whole foods.
She told me that it's known for italian food & its deli.
When you go inside, there is an assortment of wine, deli meat, and even sauce you can purchase!
Lots and lots of fresh food.
Copius amounts of refrigerator/freezer space around the store with lots of food.
I haven't tried the deli meat yet, but other meat i've picked up has been great.
The frozen seafood is reasonably priced and tastes great.
The only thing that i don't like is the fact they don't have an health food section like fry's does.
This is definitely my go-to place now for brazilian food.
Wine bar, antipasto bar and lots of fresh food.
The sandwiches were great, just the right amount of meat and the bread they make there was delicious.
Really made a grew impression, and had another associate delivery my bbq into my car.
The foods are wonderful, and how can you not love a place with a case of beautiful, delicious meats?
They do care and the food is great.
The entire experience of dining here is delightful.
The food is beyond delicious.
The food is awesome.
Whole foods, john mackey's little baby he has turned into a behemoth within the industry.
I am so torn by whole foods, of course most everything is more expensive.
They actually sell shredded containers of it in the refrigerator section, but they also have it available at the deli.
The seafood is fresh & their selection of organic products are excellent.
$7.99  let me be clear the food on the buffet is just as good as what one could order.
My girlfriends and i visited southwest speciality foods while we were visiting another girlfriend in the phoenix area.
I picked up some naan and a few vegetable dishes and was satisfied with everything.
They have a salad bar, and quite the selection on food (pasta, pizza, chicken, etc.)
This is our second time here for desserts, which are amazingly delicious.
The food looks good too but we haven't made it around to try it yet.
We also had some macaroons and the chocolate pots de creme which were all delicious and no complaints at all.
This place certainly doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food was quite tasty.
We'll definitely be back next time we're craving some amazing indian food!
Visit the "deli" for mexican treats, house-made salsas, and more.
Good food especially the hot food like the meatball or sausage sandwiches.
It's a smaller grocery store, and they seem to focus on specialty, gourmet, and prepared foods more than anything else.
Great food & savings, deep freezer necessary.
They also have marinated meats here like bulgogi (marinated rib eye slices) and it's delicious.
They have a cooked foods area where they have corn, japchae, kimbap, fish jeon, and soondae!
Soondae is korean blood sausage :) and it's delicious!
They have a food court, beauty shop, bread shop, mochi shop, and they recently opened a ginseng shop!
It's very good, rather like a high quality deli bologna.
Super-fresh fruits and veggies, at excellent prices.
Yum this stuff is delicious and i will be getting it often.
I have been going here for years and everything is delicious.
Not too greasy.. not too spicy.. comfort food!
I was looking to try something different in town so argentinian food sounded damn good.
The dinner tables are just on the sides of this meat market/deli place so no need to dress up.
Person bringing food very rude.
Did not measure up to expectations and certainly did not live up to the billing received on the food channel.
Or i can go to the health food stores in kensington market to get the lower prices.
My husband's family is from argentina and they brought me to this delight.
Renee the woman who runs it's is delightful as well as the rest of the staff.
In continuation, they have a wide variety of organic and conventional produce and foods for your budget needs!
I love everything about this market...i love the food especially the nam.
I buy all my ingredients here when i feel like cooking some lao food for my husband.
They are an excellent source for very fresh ingredients ranging from vegetables to meats.
Their food court is okay so far.
Also, their island cuisine food kiosk is good for bbq.
Mayfield fine foods is a little shop with a lot packed inside.
Aside from the wait to order and the other wait to get your food, defalco's rocks!
I like that they are a grocery store and sell food items ready to go in their fridges.
They have all these amazing snacks and healthy foods.
Everything here is delicious and the staff is always so friendly.
In the area is whole foods, super target, trader joe's, and giant eagle market district.
The food is amazing.
Ferrucci's is a real live italian deli!
The food has always remained great.
It is people like this that keep food fresh, exciting, and most importantly non-corporate.
Their pasta salads are delicious as well (except i don't like peas - bleh).
He's from chicago and has been starving for a good deli.
Always had positive shopping experiences here and love filling my cart with all of their healthy foods items.
This place while albeit small was delicious.
Definitely my favorite italian food in the old town area.
They have a cool little food court inside where they serve a variety of asian foods.
It's really good italian food for being in az.
We had the creme brûlée and sangria cheesecake for dessert and both were delicious!
Best deli sandwich i've ever had.
This italian deli is fantastic!!
The food is homemade, there is a great grocery section with imported wines, olive oils and pastas.
Their eggplant parmesan is delish too.
What a great market and deli - i can't believe i've never been!
The produce section seemed to feature all organic foods.
The only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is they don't have any deli style foods (fresh salads, fresh cakes).
The stars are for the food court!
This is my favorite place to go for my asian food needs!
Check the sodium content though, i've had some pretty salty food from here.
However, everything looks delicious!
I like this place because you get good food at an affordable price.
The food is great!
Being from chicago, i am pretty picky about my italian food.
What people don't really know is the array of prepared food that whole foods offer.
The prepared food bar charges $7.99 per pound and is discounted to $5.99 per pound on wednesdays.
Such a steal for whole foods!
The eggs were fluffy and the whole thing was a lot of food.
No matter what whole foods you go to, you're always going to have that option.
I adore this charming little store + food spot!
Not only can i find a lot of ethnic items here, but the food is amazing!
It's indian food at its best and you can't beat the prices!
This place has everything i want in a deli.
Food came in an appropriate amount of time for the number of customers.
We all come here for the same reason, great food and atmosphere.
Pricing is sometimes steep also but again this isnt food city its in a class all to its own.
While that is true for some of the fruit sometimes, it is not always the case.
Not to mention how delicious it tastes!
They were all delicious.
People there are very friendly and they deliver good service!
Amazing food, amazing people!
The thin crust pizza from the bakery/deli is actually really good.
If you want incredible authentic italian food, please try it.
I've been coming here for years, and the food is always so good.
This whole foods is super cool.
Great selection of hard core raw foods and right in the front of the store.
From what i can tell, there is a good variety of foods from all different asian countries.
This place has the best indian food - it is unique to a lot of indian restaurants in the us.
It has the home made touch and the food is delicious.
Family owned, these guys are high-class professionals and serve your food with kindness and passion.
Excellent service and great food.
The empanadas are delicious along with the sandwiches de miga.
Part grocery store, part restaurant, part deli, this place has a lot to offer.
I've eaten here a couple times and have enjoyed the food.
Hey yelp, how about yelpdating.. for the foodies in your heart).
Listen, i lived in nyc for a good amount of time and the food can compare to little italy.
Prices are really good ,it has a deli and all the grocery products you could want.
The deli is filled with pasta dishes, antipasto, and italian meats.
Aj's is unique amongst food stores and not for the price sensitive customer.
I know i can always find fresh, unique food here.
Delicious pastries including chocolate and almond croissants, beignets, macaroons, and tasty french bread.
They also have prepared food like soups, salads and take home meals like coq au vin and beef bourguignon.
The coffee  is delightful.
This is how it should be, so your frozen food doesn't get all melty on you before you check out.
Price:  the prices here are similar to many other supermarkets, cheaper than whole foods of course.
**bonus**  the food court here offers up some tasty fare, including soups, stews, sushi, and some grilled items.
One cup in the morning blended with whatever frozen fruit does the trick n also hides the gaminess.
For wfoods to carry goat kefir is amazing!!!!!!!
Five stars for the food.
Which i'm sure it's a precaution more than anything, still delicious
Deli sandwiches are really inexpensive and pretty good.
Full service food stations.
Whole foods i love you
Another great place about this place is all the food vendors that are located in the mall area as well.
Each section of food is more apparent and they have even more shelving space than before.
As well, they are a gorgeous flower section, which has fresh petals and arrangements delivered there twice a day.
It's more like a specialty foods shop.
Anyway, the employees at market street grocery are very friendly, and the breakfast foods are delicious.
The owner is incredibly friendly and accommodating, he goes out of his way by offering you samples, chatting, explaining food.
Such a nice change from the rays of sunshine behind the deli counter at the jones market.
And i have been learning to cook asian foods.
They food is great and the prices are better.
Great argentine food and prices are reasonable!
Even a deli section for your meats, or should i say "asian" meats -- oxtail, marinated short ribs.
It's closer to home than greenland or seafood city.
Plus there's a "food court" in there with all your filipino goodness ready made food needs.
They carry food items as well as everything else.
The hot french bread is delicious.
They are well-stocked with all of the usual things (spices, pulses, frozen foods, pickles, biscuits, etc).
Their produce section is inviting and well laid out with those little water sprayers above that keep the vegetables fresh.
I am so glad a whole foods opened up in the north.
My favorite natural health food store in toronto.
You will find that many items (certain brands) are priced lower here than at other health food stores.
This whole foods is pretty similar to any other you've been in.
The salad bar/prepared food sections are quite good.
The highlight is the ready made food, which is a must for a tasty weekday lunch.
The grocery has asian and latin foods and spices.
Has a surprisingly great selection of cheese, produce, and ethnic specialty foods.
They even have a meat room and their deli meats and sausages are excellent.
1st off, the food is awesome.
The deli meat selection is perfect, they have one of my favorites, parma prosciutto, which is basically pork candy.
Defalco's is the best italian deli in arizona.
But what makes this place worth the trip is the deli.
Deliveries come early in the week and yesterday's delight was a lithuanian rye.
Just as good as the italian delis i went to in new york.
The food is very good here and i enjoy frequenting here.
Just go there, decide quickly what you want to order, pay, sit down and they bring your food out.
We also like to get seasoned fried seaweed, instant noodles, and vegetables here.
This was prime italian food.
The calzone was delicious as was the chicken marsala!
I would recommend calling ahead and ordering your food beforehand as they are quite busy during the lunch rush.
* one reviewer said that their deli sandwiches are "better than jimmy john's".
Where can you find good food takeout for under $6?
Their storebrand products such as wine,  green tea, gluten-free, vegan and asian fusion, are nice and delicious as well.
They had a delicious marinated pork belly at the counter!
All i knew of argentinan food was the famous empanadas, the beef, and the chorizo.
All of those are available here and are delicious.
But, other than that, costco always delivers... on everything.
Electronics, food (tons of food), dried food, candy, pharmacy, pills, and whatever your heart desires this place probably has it.
Great place to shop indian grocery and eat indian vegetarian food.
The food is very authentic indian.
This place is the best italian grocery and deli i have found in scottsdale.
It is delicious and fresh.
I used to work at a cheesesteak restaurant that specialized in making greasy, cheesy, melty deliciousness like any classic cheesesteak.
The bread has a perfect crunch to it, the meat is hearty and delicious... 5 stars.
...truely delicious home made food.
The deli is awesome.
My favourite health food store in the area.
I've only ever tried food from their buffet bar.
But then again, the entirety of the scotia food court is dingy.
I used to live in italy and i really miss the italian products and food!
I always come back because it is delicious and so worth the wait!
I was traveling and wanted something different and delicious.
There was also a deli and little market to get items to go.
The best whole foods in town.
Great customer service, and more fresh meats (not packaged) than the whole foods on the boulevard.
The deli could have used some more staff.
We are definite foodies and should be ashamed of how much of our income is spent on eating out.
****i've never eaten at a buffet that has such fresh food.
Laugh with her, smile at her, she is a delight.
Good food and good service at a great price!
My first indian food experience and i loved it.
Prices are great and it's fun to look at all the authentic italian groceries as you wait for your food.
), vegetable lasagna (banging w artichokes and assorted veggies), the salad with chicken and goat cheese (bomb!).
Great source for the finer food and drink in life.
The meats and seafoods are always fresh and of top-notch quality.
As fresh as it gets, straight from the deli.
I've been to a lot of italian delis, bakeries, restaurants, and this by far tops my list.
After you're done eating, pick something up from the deli to take home for dinner.
Recently my grandma started an organic food diet mainly because of health concerns.
They were more reasonably priced than i thought, considering organic foods are usually more expensive.
Bread made in house with the freshest and finest deli cuts by borehead.
My favorite is the turkey delight with extra pickles.
The food is very good.
Best deli to get any slice of meat or cheese.
This is absolutely the best restaurant and grocery for jamaican food.
They've got supplements, cosmetics, herbs, raw food, organic, gluten-free and eco-friendly products.
It's kind of a wal-mart convenience store, carrying only select "necessities" and some food.
There are plenty of italian packaged foods that are oh so tempting.
On top of this they carry a good selection of delicious chocolate bars and cookies.
Delicious food, crowded but interesting atmosphere.
Our food took awhile to come out so that's why i didn't give 5 stars.
They have incredible seafood along with their delicious meats.
This is a great argentine restaurant that also serves as a deli and a small store.
There is a hot food station where you pay by weight,, and also a fresh made section (sushi, sandwiches, pizza).
A little station at the end is kareem's - indian food to go!
The seafood section is amazing here too.
), a small frozen foods section, and a large food court.
This was my family's 1st stop of our diners, drive-ins, and dives and man vs food arizona self-guided tour.
Defalco's was featured on guy fieri's ddd and they're an italian food/sandwich/deli joint.
Just make it easier to find this foodie haven because others have to try this must eat at destination.
Defalco's is an italian market combination deli.
Everything is made to order, so you'll wait a little while for the food.
I've been a little unlucky when it comes to my best foods ever.
I keep trying the fun frozen foods.
I feel like i've found a friendlier, more accessible version of whole foods.
I brought my paper bags yesterday and was entered into their drawing for free food.
This is one of my favourite natural food stores in the city.
Champaghetti   this is a little korean food stand in the far corner of the greenland food court.
It is noodle based, and filled with seafood and vegetables.
Picked up 2 italian combos with peppers added - delicious!
This means the food doesn't sit on shelves or end up rotting and being wasted.
They have nice fish and there are lots of great organic fruit and veggie choices.
The deli girls are similarly sweet to my kiddo with the meat and cheese samples to accompany their big smiles.
I come here for the food!
This laos asian mart has a small restaurant in the back where you can order food.
My friend introduced me to this place and all the dishes i have tried were delish.
I ordered a green chile bagel here the other day for lunch which was delicious.
The sauce used for the gyro is what makes it so delish.
They have a variety of food and desserts.
They're delicious and piping hot, perfect for autumn.
Don't get me wrong, we've been to seafood city which is much bigger but way more crowded.
Lots of people piled by the deli counter picking up their holiday meats and cheeses.
They offer a great variety of home made sausages and specialty deli style meats.
Oh and their raspberries and figs are so fresh...delicious!!!!!
Every time we go to safeway, we always visit the veggie, fruit department.
If you are in vegas looking for indian food, look no further!
Not only is this a great restaurant but a great deli/grocery.
It's a good mix of acceptable cleanliness standards, fresh fruits and veggies, and low prices.
The food was delicious, i had the garlic fries and steak sandwich with fried egg (forgot the name).
The bread they initially serve with the oil and seasoning is a delightful appetizer...and everything is in huge portions!
There's also a food court area outside of the grocery store and it has a lot of different things.
The fresh grapefruit juice is always a fav.
To compliment your food that you get here, you can also purchase soju here.
Towards the back you will find pre-cooked food.
Meaning you will find kimbap, fried mackerels, glazed chicken wings, vegetable/meat cake, seaweed salad and much more.
I personally think this is my favorite deli out in arizona.
My family is from trinidad so i love trini food especially roti, doubles, palorie etc.
I recently moved from ny to charlotte and ny has the best food hands down from all cultures.
The food is awesome at very reasonable prices.
Service is prompt and friendly, the food is very fresh.
Essence of life organics is both a health food store and a dispensary.
They carry many of the same hair and skincare products as whole foods, but the prices are much better.
Pan-seared diver scallops and coconut mango beurre blanc, sautéed seasonal vegetables.
We had a bottle of rhone red that was delicious.
It's a hybrid deli/grocery store/restaurant.
Well i think the food court are ok; not great , not bad...
For seafood lovers, this is kid in a candy store category.
A little pricey, but price really doesn't matter when your food is delicious.
Gnocchi is heavenly, meatball sub is crazy delicioso, italian sodas are creamy dreamy and the desserts?
Well, make sure you save room for a food coma.
They carry an amazing array of sauces, spices, vegetables, and fruits.
I'm a huge meat lover and i can't get enough of the awesomeness that this place delivers.
Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
Although a bit pricey,  the food was good.
I will be buying my trays of food from this one now.
Quick tip:  the dim sum is pretty good for the price; however, the combo lunch/dinner hot food was quite bad.
Everything traditional and new york style deli.
It's a great place to pick up food if you don't feel like cooking for dinner.
I wish he had deli meats, but honestly he doesn't have room to add another counter.
This is a review for the curbside express grocery delivery service coming from this store location.
I have been waiting for a good grocery delivery service ever since i moved to the burgh.
Now for less than $10, i can order any amount and get them delivered to my door.
Which can also be called delivery express from now on.
Best argentine food ever!!
The selection of natural foods, produce, and body care is second to none.
Costco reminds me of a whole foods and wholesale all in one.
I got mine, and the summer veggies and fruits are getting ready to hit, i can't wait.
I can usually only find these at seafood city.
A wide variety of grains, fruit, veggie based, gluten free, organic, healthy food.
The still do not disappoint as there were several food samples being given out when i visited this weekend.
I really love the fresh cheese and deli selections.
I have eaten prepared food here several times and found it delicious and well seasoned.
An italian grocery store & deli?!
I love sandwiches and this place delivers the goods!
Great selection of all sorts of good quality food.
It's a cute italian market with a deli.
The sandwiches are delicious and the atmosphere is so cute.
Here the food is always fresh !
I know the food is too good believe me i know but you have to !!!
This place is a gluten-free food haven with everything from organic sausage to pizza crust to cookie and mix.
The store is jam packed with delicious healthy food without the pretentiousness of whole foods.
Hands down the best health food store around!
Expanded concept on the original concept--expanded meat counter, prepared foods, and beer.
On top of all the above, the food is extremely cheap!
I found this walmart to be bigger than most having a larger selection of food than i've seen before.
Great food, awesome service, recommended!
Defalco's is home to the best italian food in arizona!
They have just about everything you can imagine and the casual, deli-style setting makes for easy take-out.
The food is as authentic as you can get in the southwest.
We went inside the market and there was a deli there.
All were very delicious!
The rest of the market has lots of various organic fruits and vegetables.
Their fruits and vegetables are always really good.
Usually when i read all these great reviews, my dreams, hopes, mouth, tummy, appetite and foodgasm get crushed with disappointment.
I love brazilian food and this is the perfect little restaurant to get just what you want!!
All meat looked very clean nice and presentable they have seafood also.
I couldnt help but notice that there was no stench of bad seafood or rotting meat in the air.
They also sell ecommerce and have delivery too.
It was a great atmosphere, the food was delicious and well prepared.
They have great fresh fruit and veggies so i buy all my produce there.
The only issue i've ever had is on two occasions i've come home with fruit flies.
Great food, great deli, and great service.
In addition to the great food, they have deli items for sale, specialty pasta, bread, wine, etc.
That seems more like a sign you'd see in a circle k in a shitty area- not a great deli.
I love eating at the food mart and then doing some shopping!
This delightful east coast sandwich is rarely prepared well in this part of the country.
It's a great classic italian deli and reminds me of my new england roots.
Love this food basic location!
:-)  the store itself is also quite large with a wide variety of food.
They are a bit weak on produce and vegetables, but they have a decent selection.
Oh yes i mean the food.
Food is fresh and fantastic.
Where as they do not have food demo stations like costco does, you can get some great things here.
I always find something new and delicious to try while wandering tj's aisles.
Wonderfully curated food selection, great staff, and a nice location in the heart of monroe street.
I enjoy how relaxed and mellow this place is and food is terrific.
This safeway has friendly employees and a great selection of food and wines.
The food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice!
I always recommend this place to friends looking for some good italian food!
Not sure why they have a cooked food section.
The deli sandwiches were delicious and the cannoli for desert was great.
A wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic italian foods.
It's a great place to get veggies and fruit.
Great sandwich shop with a couple dozen sandwich options and awesome deli.
It's a fun ambience with tables spread around the italian deli.
So when he asked me to describe it, i had said, "a cheaper & condensed whole foods market".
We are regulars at weiss restaurant, deli & bakery which is a stone throw away from this tj location.
Makes me feel less like i live in a food desert.
The food was unbelievable!
Great little deli with fresh meats and bread.
Does take a while but it just makes the food taste better!
Fantastic food, little expensive, but good quality and great employees.
This place has truly authentic indian food at good prices.
I saw another table get two of those and it was a huge amount of food.
If you like authentic indian food and a clean but no frills dining experience, this is an excellent choice.
The other great thing: they deliver for both breakfast and lunch.
Casual atmosphere and plenty of deli food.
Tasty food that's consistent.
This is possibly the best place to buy certain types of gourmet foods like cheese, wine, olive oil, etc.
Great and authentic argentinian food, love their chimichurris, i always buy a jar to take home.
I usually prefer food basic or fresh co over no frills because they allow visa whereas no frills does not.
It's a lunch restaurant, deli, and shop all in one.
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink): 1 star:  never again.
2 stars:  poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
I like this place, how the food is presented and what is offered.
Or messy produce/deli sections.
But what really sets this place apart is the food court.
Waiting for some food to be prepared at another shop in this square and thought i should stop by.
The food is still tasty and it is a fair price.
The food is worth the trip but new guy should turn down the act.
Authentic brazilian food, excellent quality and super tasty!
Great service, food arrived quickly and server was super courteous.
I came here straight from my workout looking for good food choices...
I am in shock at the value of the food for price.
We saw all kins of ethnic foods sold there.
They had just about everything from fruits to veggies, spices, seafood, drinks, and much much.
Trader joes has the most amazing unique foods that i love to eat.
Fresh fruits, good produce and fairly clean.
The market side has a lot of me food products on the shelves.
There are also some fresh fruits and veggies.
The mhamra is a spicy chili paste and with cheese, it tastes somewhat like a delicious spicy pizza.
I didn't make it past the food court!
This is an asian grocery store with a huge food court up front.
The staff are friendly, helpful, and funny and the food is always great.
Their fresh fruit and vegetables are also usually a good buy.
I've explored the hot foods mix-and-match $2.50/100g (?)
Pay the whole foods garden oasis a visit.
I had the croque madame, which was delicious.
They serve mimosas with orange or grapefruit juice, and they are a good size.
It came with naan and frybread, and a delicious sweet bread.
Great food at great prices!
The meat is really good, the sauce is delicious, the bread is fresh and the veggies are good too.
No worries, you can grab some ready-made pizza, hot dog, frozen yogurt at the deli after you checkout.
I only go here for the exotic fruit that isnt available in the us.
Food is very fresh tasting and high-quality.
The only thing is, make sure you're following your food down the line if you're celiac.
Excellent falafel wraps 9/5/17 excellent stop for quick food after hiking.
Deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves.
Super authentic italian deli and grocery store.
The interior is a maze, the food is incredible and the prices are just right.
Tons of great deli salads and all the best ingredients an italian grocer should have.
It's also a grocery store, with all kinds of tempting italian delights.
Highly recommended for a unique and delicious lunch experience.
Delicious grilled meat and empanadas.
I found this on food on tv, which shows all the food network visited places.
Food was great, especially for a pre-half marathon carbo load.
Their food is home-made delicious and prepared fresh.
I have been a customer of defalco's italian grocery/deli for years and years and years.
City fresh is a great program that brings fresh, local fruits and vegetable to the community for a small cost.
In my opinion, the whole  foods on the strip and on lake mead are the best in town.
A great selection of organic groceries, fresh vegetables, plenty of meat, dairy and beverages.
You cannot beat the 50% off food which generally has the best selection after 4:00pm.
I've been here more times than i can count & it is always delicious.
Usually pretty busy and hard to find seating, but the food is enough to keep me coming back.
Great food, prices & employees.
In addition, this place does sell some luxury food that lee lee does not offer.
The food is delicious and very fresh.
The mint chutney is delicious and i will be back for more roti and aloo.
The food is great!
I got some empandas and they were delicious!
Chinese food has been good here and the price is decent for the amount you get.
We started ordering our chinese delivery from here.
The food was delicious and the wait wasn't terrible.
I love whole foods so it's not very hard to impress me, but this whole foods is pretty awesome.
My goal was to find some fresh fruit & veggies .
Unfortunately the fruit was very limited and same with the veggies.
It was delicious too!
Great hot foods section.
Best ingredients with a long list of what italian food you want.
This italian deli is top notch.
Their portions are huge and the quality of the food is really good.
Even has a fast food place as well inside, with all the specialties of filipino cuisine.
I used price match today on some vegetables, and ended up saving quite a bit of money (especially on cauliflower-ha!).
Fantastic enviroment with great food and great service.
The baked ziti and the spaghetti and sausage were both quite delicious.
Too bad, fg doesn't deliver!
Best argentinian food experience i've ever had instead of those stupid buffets where they come around cutting meats for u.
We like their coffee, fruit, meat, paper products.
They also have prepared foods if you're looking for something you don't have to cook or need a quick lunch.
The food you get is closest to mom/home cooked indian food.
5 stars for food.
There is a wide range of fruits such as lychees, mangosteen, rambutans,  and custard  pineapples at an affordable price.
The hot food table is also very good and offers a good taste of asian food prepared  fresh  .
The buffet is small, and the food is well prepared and tasty.
Now onto the food.
The fact that longo's carries prime grade steak is testament to the quality of food you will receive there.
My kids love to get fresh fruit while they shop.
The grocery store has a fantastic selection of imported foods, & spices.
I love the food too, its not a fancy restaurant but the food is very tasty.
Many times i order food to go, do some shopping while the food is prepared.
They have anything you can think of as far as exotic foods.
I've never seen anyone shop at deli, but the shelves break up the restaurant nicely.
It reminded me of my grandmother's food and the real italian food you can get on the east coast.
The only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because of the wait to get my food.
They carry mexican meats, seafood, and some prepared foods.
Mirsung probably has the best deal on indian food in champaign.
My personal favorites, being in the mid-20s bachelor category, are the frozen foods and breads.
Their assortment of frozen foods is unique and delicious.
They have an excellent selection of japanese candy and snack foods which i adore.
Imported delightes from all over... their food is great, and i end up picking something to take home every time.
If you're looking for good food, a cozy environment, and anything italian, this is the place to go!
Os pasteis são uma delicia e o strogonoff é ótimo também!
The food is fresh, organic and at my door on time.
By far the best organic delivery service i've ever used.
Excellent place, real authentic food, super friendly.
Amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses.
Lunch was delicious and the price was reasonable.
Great people, great food!
Really great italian food!
Inside they have a full on deli and meat market as well as the restaurant.
Argentinian food is my favorite go to when i'm craving meat.
Also love adding chili flakes and lots of lemon to the meat because it compliments the food so nicely.
My favourite one-stop-shop to pick up cosmetics as well as health food grocery items.
Everything is priced so well compared to other health food and organic grocers.
Summer fresh salads and cheeses in the prepared foods area, as well as cooked meats and dufflet pastries.
A wide variety of latin american food stuffs.
Pizzas are crazy fresh and delicious.
Estuvo deliciosa, buen servicio, gente muy amable; lo recomiendo ampliamente, ordenamos pizza chicken riquísima y la lasagna de cuatro quesos
We had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad, both delicious.
I'm really into the fresh deli section here.
It was tough when they closed recently for remodeling and i had to shop elsewhere.
Price-very reasonable for a health food store service-decent.
Everything i have had is delicious.
While you wait for your food there's a whole italian grocery to check out.
It's a fun place to check out with delicious eats.
Overall, i highly recommend aj's from all perspectives; food quality, selection, pricing and service.
The most authentic e gostoso brazilian food around!
Their selection of fresh fruits, vegetables, etc... is fantastic.
I like the laid back atmosphere and cafe / deli style of defalco's.
Portion size could be bigger but the food was really good!
Also, the bulk food aisle is well organized, clean, and comprehensive.
There was two produce stands and we got vegetables from both.
This is a great little market with big time italian food.
This is the type of italian deli market back in jersey or ny.
The key to this place earning its 5 stars is simply the lady who makes the food in the kitchen.
An amazing selection of food grocery items.
Fries is a great food store.
This is a deli - market, strictly italian.
If you go during the rush hour be prepared to stand in a long line and wait for your food.
I always come here for their dried fruits and also their frozen food selection.
I just tried the "love juice" and it was super fresh and delicious.
Who doesn't love healthy, organic food???
Great variety of food and the employees are always über helpful!
Try their brand of vegetable chips!
The best food, the best service!
We waited a long time for our food, but the glass of white house wine held us over.
This is not fast food.
The food court area seems to have excellent food to take out, but the duck and roast pork was amazing!
The flavoring of the duck was delicious and it wasn't dry at all.
They have daily lunch specials both hot and deli style.
Price point is okay, good variety of sandwiches in deli section.
But i haven't found any other places in az that sell the good italian foods!
Staff is friendly, but i have to say the deli counter staff are probably the worst ive ever dealt with.
Other than that, the deli counter does have a nice selection of fresh made foods.
Overall, i'm still a fan, i just need to avoid the deli counter in future :)
The food here is just amazing.
Everything we tried was delicious.
And i love me some korean food.
No need to go grocery shopping while you're hungry, just stop by the food court!
Obviously the biggest reason to go to greenland is for korean food.
Me being a fan of korean food makes me a fan of greenland.
I love all the organic fruits and vegetables here.
They have an amazing deli filled with everything from tofu to quinoa cakes.
Whole foods has a whole lot of my money....and i'm ok with it cause they are awesome!
I love whole foods.
Than i do the actual foods.
Their baklava is made in house and delicious.
Their spicy hummus is delicious.
The food court never fails.
Another thing i love is that the food is even set up for the on-the-go person.
Somehow i came across southwest specialty food; or ass kicking foods which how most of their items are labeled.
They're delicious and so fun to eat!!
No place to sit but the food was great.
Seriously, i could drool just thinking about how good the food is here.
I love the food here!
It's a must try if you want to try brazilian food or if you're looking for a new restaurant!
I love getting all my korean food here.
Which means that i was extra delighted to stumble across jimmy's.
Fair prices, huge portions and such yummy food.
They also have a variety of food in their deli case, salads, hummus, spanikopita, etc.
They were voted best las vegas food store by 2 mil lvrj readers recently.
Come for the food, and stay to shop.
Or, come here to shop, and stay for the food!
I have eaten at other italian delis all over the valley but this place has no rivals.
This place makes the most delicious and succulent roast duck i've had in mtl!
Today, i needed to get some frozen fruit (they have fresh produce too) and almond milk to complete my smoothies.
Easily the best italian deli in scottsdale.
Defalco' was also on the food network's ddd, so you know they are throwing out some amazing food!
The food is phenomenal.
Great authentic food at good prices in a fun atmosphere makes for a winning combination.
Hugh fresh fruit and vegetable section.
I am by no means a mexican food expert having only eaten at milagros and mexican lindos.
The deli is amazing and we much love for the vegetarian deli sandwiches!
I love this place for the food they offer.
Food and experience     the thing that got me hooked to this place was the fruit, nut, and nougat bars.
The smells are wonderful and the food is excellent.
The produce, cheese selection, and warm foods options are great, considering the limited space, as well.
They even have shops and a food court.
The food court is a must try.
It is flavorful and so delicious.
Great food, great service, the staff are very nice n friendly.
I've found that, compared to whole foods, the produce at right by nature is insanely cheap, especially the berries.
Winco has a large variety of produce, especially fruits and vegetables, at a price comparable or even less than t&t.
It was hot out of the oven and delicious.
I also had a cheese triangle which was delicious.
Best homemade food ever.
Friendly place for a brazilian food.
So excited to find a european food store close to home.
Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter.
Recently, my german friends had a party and served very tasty leberkass from tina's gourmet sausage house & deli.
Break away from the typical mass produced, overly process, meats and foods sold at most vegas deli's.
Casual place with food and service of a 5 star restaurant.
The frittes are absolutely delicious.
There is also have a food court which is very good a lot of restaurant to choose from.
We heard of this place after seeing it on the food network channel and had to give it a shot.
Great deli with a fantastic calzone.
On my way back from voting i noticed this brand new, shiny, gourmet food store.
), fred's bread, prepared foods like sushi, soups, meats from naturally raised, hormone- and antibiotic-free animals, and other things.
If you're into gourmet food stores, this one is definitely a good one.
But both hold the best prices in toronto for health foods & vitamins.
Saves me the headache of having to go to seafood city for some quick essentials.
Prices are good, food is fire and the family is very friendly!
Great deals on wine, lots of fun foods to try, and decent prices on all the staples.
Food city is a small store, so it is not going to have every variation on every type of product.
Glatt (strictly) kosher food is, by nature, very esoteric, hard-to-find, and produced in small amounts for the ultra-orthodox religious.
The only bad thing i can say about whole foods is that i spend too much money here.
The food is awesome!
The pizza is made with fresh ingredients and is so delicious.
Food is good, service is always with a smile, and the good thing that is close and clean!
They also have a new food truck outside which looks pretty good!
This whole foods is the best one i've ever been too by far!
He liked the numerous foods they had for sell and even got a case of guarana.
The food came out quickly and i ate every last bit of rice!
Delicious meal every visit here.
I also took some photos of some vegan junk food to help others.
Their wine list is extensive and they also have hard to find foods to pair with your wine.
You don't want to drown the flavor of this delicious meat.
They also have fresh fruit cubed in plastic containers in the chilled section in different portion sizes.
Prepared food aisles - wow, i mean really, the selection of healthy options is unreal at this store!
Grocery - so many healthy options of organic foods & snacks that are non gmo & gluten free too.
The last plus for this store is that they have a super delivery program.
Sign up online and they will send you coupons every six weeks or so for free delivery service.
If you are looking for a massive, and delicious donair, go to jimmys!
Very nice, clean deli, and super friendly staff
Defalco's is a family owned restaurant and the food is great!
Great service and the french macarons are delicious.
The best place in phoenix for asian food.
Deli staff had hair nets and mouth covers.
Le meilleur choix de fromages et de poissons frais et fruits de mer.
The food is all delicious--best cheeses, yummiest mussels, steak and frites to die for.
From my experience, they carry the exact food as the supercenters.
In a sense, they built this store to sustain their food customers in their marks street supercenter market area.
They have a nice selection of delicious baklava.
I happily drive across town anytime i want to get reasonably priced fresh vegetables.
They have a great seafood section.
They also have a small selection of already made foods such as an assortment of kimchees, kimbab, vegetable pancakes.
They also have pre-packaged raw meats/seafood with vegetables to make hot pot, i'm assuming?
They have a food court in the front area.
Again, i need to be in a health food phase when i come here!
Seafood, butcher, deli, huge cheese bunker, lots of produce.
Korean food: 5/5 i love korean food and at green land i love their meat section.
Food court: 3/5 like i said i love the concept but i don't the selection.
They also have italian food too, but never tried it yet.
Had their cuban sandwich, which i enjoyed very much, and appetizers, including their delicious empanadas and pickled eggplant.
Produce is fresh, delicious and free of unnecessary packaging.
Delivery instructions to leave the bag at the concierge at our condo in downtown toronto has so far been seamless.
This is the best whole foods in the las vegas area.
The sushi counter, meat and seafood, and hot deli counters are pretty much the same.
If you're looking for good quality products and something really great for dinner, look no further than aj's fine foods.
Absolutely everything i've had here has been freaking delicious!
I tried the arancini, which was full of flavor, beef, peas and deliciousness.
I was blown away at the quality of food for the prices!
Reasonable prices, especially for such high quality food, and we've already rescheduled another visit in a few days.
Rincon de buenos aires is an authentic argentinian restaurant combined with a deli.
Inside skinny: sometimes on fridays the 8-piece chicken at the deli is five bucks.
Also, the salt & vinegar wings are insanely delicious.
I grew up in germany, and this store has a lot of foods i remember from there.
Anyone out there like to eat fresh seafood, you must come check it out.
Absolutely the best place in the city for quality, local and sustainable foods.
The gilead road location of food lion has gotten better, they now carry more organic produce!
Yeah for reasonably priced organic apples, i got 4 red delicious for $2.99, i think the regular price is $3.59.
This food lion is located in the shopping center that housed tuesday morning & taco bell.
They have a small but decent natural/organic section as well as one for ethnic foods
Trader joes helps me obtain the foods i like and not break the bank.
It's a european deli with smoked meats and fish.
All in all, the service was as good as the food which was fantastic.
Bakery is pricey but delicious.
Fruits and vegetables are always great.
The deli is really nice - we buy whatever is on sale for the weekend.
They offer everything including beer, cigars, specialty sodas and drinks, wine classes, food, etc.
There's also a small wine bar with a tv (showing food network) where you can have wine/beer and sandwiches.
They have a decent selection of fresh fruits and veggies, and a fairly small bakery area.
Large produce section and a bulk-food area that includes nuts and cooking chocolate and other candies.
I'm in love with whole food mart!
Different store layout, bigger variety, great new frozen fish, and a boars head deli!
Only 1 small drawback; it's crowded at the front entrance and would be ideal if they moved a fruit display.
The pre-made food section offers a wide selection of banchan (korean side dishes).
The japchae (sesame clear sweet potato noodles with vegetables) was also decent.
So glad we did the food was delicious .
Blend and its a delight, with plent of vitamins and protien.
Maybe i'm just used to the obnoxious carefully plucked perfect overpriced organics at whole foods.
And it was out super fast and it was so delicious!!
Everything was really fresh and crisp, i did not feel guilty about eating this food at all.
Excellent quick food and nice friendly staff.
I've been coming here 3 times a week, for either coffee, fresh pastry, great selections of soups, and deli.
For delivery, there is a minimum order of $40 of food or a fee.
They carry a wide variety of specialty foods, so we enjoy looking around.
Thanks to my dad... this will be my go to spot for all my seafood needs!
The exterior aside, this place offers tons of really fresh seafood and it's really good quality.
Has a ton of great natural products and way better pricing than whole foods!
Definitely has a lot of variety for food and body products.
Great ny italian deli and grocery.
The restaurant food quality rivals the best of the best.
Also, one thing that would make the food even better is to add more spices!!!
The grocery has fresh produce, cheese, dairy, gelato bars, sandwiches, coffee, wine, prepared foods, and the list goes on.
Other things that make this place cool are the cigar selection and deli area.
I have never sat at the deli, but you can get a sandwich and a pint from the tap.
We just loved to find this deli in town!
They have many good options of mediterrane food.
The food was over the top delicious.
I am definitely going to shop here to pick up some of their excellent food.
My only complaint is that it is hard to find where certain food items are located.
This place has pretty good food.
Safeway supermarket on 67th & the 101 is now selling a very large selection of orgainc foods!!!
I have been waiting and hoping that the local supermarkets would start selling more organic foods and now safeway is.
They also sell organic dairy products, dried fruit & nuts and more.
They have it all mixed in with the traditional foods - so it can be hard to locate.
Wide range of fresh fruits from all over the world.
The sandwich was so delicious.
This place can give any popular deli run for its money.
All the halal foodies must check out this joint.
Fruits and vegetables, pantry basics, and tons of fun snacks.
There is also a nice food court in front of the store in the plaza as well as l'epidor bakery.
Omg i was in brazil for a month and fell in love with brazilian food..
I was referred to this place and i was so excited and not disappointed in the food and service..
Lots of pasta, sauces and just about anything you could want for italian food.
We had eaten lunch at komex before our trip to greenland, otherwise we would have checked out the food court.
I'm glad we made the drive cuz the food was excellent.
Food court area could be nicer and have something like a starbucks in it.
I expected it to be a special homemade type of dressing since this is an italian deli.
Great food and good price  their parrilla steaks are the best in town.
Cute little market with good food @ deli part  and found these thai eggplants to take home that were delish!
The prices on their food items are almost unbeatable sometimes (i.e: a 96 fl.
I have not had indian food so fresh and authentic since i've lived in india.
I appreciate stores like whole foods.
Before meeting my babe, i never ate anything from a whole foods or any health food place, to be honest.
She introduced me to foods that i never knew could taste so good but be healthy for you.
Great pastries and food, cheese selection.
The biggest negative about this location is the food court hot dogs, they are not hebrew national.
Rincon continues to deliver the juiciest, most flavorful steaks.
Better then any whole foods in nevada.
Food is really good and the pastel is fantastic.
It's got fresh fruit and veggies.
This place is delicious!
The guys are all great and their food is to die for.
7/23/11** ok it's been about 500 times that i've been here now and it's still delicious.
It's in such a great location too that it' never a hassle to go here for some food.
The food is always hot and delicious.
It's so delicious and the cheese is melted and mixed with the meat before being placed on the bread.
Fresh off the grill with a delicious sweet sauce.
Super folks who know great artisan food.
Prices on prepared foods are very reasonable though.
What i love is the killer deli.
The cappuccino is delicious and very well made.
Really good food and decent prices.
Great real food in an airport!!!
I love their selection of dried fruits!
This the best and only place to go for italian food in scottsdale.
I bring people here from out of town because they are always blown away by how good the food is.
The food is superb.
There is even a bar upstairs where you can order food and drinks.
Rani's has a cafe/eatery that serves up some seriously delicious vegetarian and vegan fare and beverages.
Lots of ready to eat foods as well so you can grab a meal pretty quick.
First of all i really wish they would build a whole foods in the west valley.
We usually buy soup there , chili, black bean and veggie are delicious.
The pasta had no flavor while the mac and cheese was delicious as was everything else.
Celena was amazing at the service deli.
I came here with pretty high expectations and boy did they deliver!
I would be happier if they had more in the organics/natural food department.
Greenland also houses smaller shops, a pretty good bakeshop, and a growing foodcourt offering korean fastfood eateries.
I really love this food.
I love that you can order some food and smoke some sheesha over a lazy lunch.
Groceries are plenty and diverse, and her food is authentic and delish.
Great produce, great selection of beers and wine, great prepared foods and catering.
I think of this as a neighborhood farmer's market and health food store in one.
Not to mention all the awesome shop and foods in the mcmullen creek shopping center, you really cant go wrong.
Full of all food things asian and other accoutrements, plenty of authentic smells to go along with it.
The produce area is always worth a gander as is their meat/seafood counter...very live and squirmy....
It's fresh, family owned and they don't mess around when it comes to deliciousness!!!!!!!
I wouldn't go anywhere else for italian food.
The bacon is delicious and naturally raised (but still contains nitrates/nitrites/whatever).
Good food n good price.
Fresh seafood or meat are plentiful and of good quality .
They have about 7-8 souls near the deli.
Deli- i've been a harris teeter fan since living here so is stick with them.
The stuffed green peppers , the italian hoagie (both near deli).
Excellent store from groceries to produce to fascinating food court !
I used to think whole foods was the most expensive place i would shop at- until i found aj's!
A whimsical foodie could easily go broke here.
Just the act of shopping here makes me giddy- there's nice lighting and soooo much beautiful food all around.
Going on around the store, there is an extensive meat and seafood counter.
Best argentine food i've had in a long time, and i'm from argentina.
Portion of the food are huge.
I ordered to go and they even, saran wrap it for you to make sure the food won't spill.
None of the food was expired and it was all name brands.
Great setting, part deli, part argentinean grocery store, foreign tongues, and if you're lucky football (soccer) cheering.
Great food, free samples, and extremely knowledgable and helpful staff.
As much as i am wary of health food stores.
And i want to shop at this health food store.
Great market for picking up asian foods.
They also have live seafood, which i don't see much anymore.
Being from the nyc area i am always looking for a good ny style italian deli/restaurant.
Been to over 20 different whole foods (ca, ny, sc).
It's a non-traditional market in the cozy evans churchill neighborhood that brings fresh food and convenience.
The hot foods and salad bar is loaded with selection and variety!
This place has a few perimeter shops as well as a food court.
Because of the aforementioned diet, i unfortunately could not sample the delights that the food court promised.
Decent sized produce department, good size meat department, and a hot food counter with all the classics.
Basically, it's a smaller, much cleaner version of seafood city.
The people working the meat, seafood & bakery counters actually know what they're doing.
They make the food quickly, fresh, and you can see it with an open kitchen.
I will obviously be back and get items from the deli/grocery to try them out.
Food was amazing... and i'm super picky about my italian.
Whole foods market is a great grocery store.
But they also have the non-hippie basics: fruits, vegetables, meat, fish, nuts, seeds, etc.
My two favorite parts of whole foods are:  1.
Food was really good, service is excellent.
So you order at the counter and they bring your food to your table.
The tripa and cabeza here are delicious just like their guacamole and salsa.
I've found that this is the best and my first stop for any vegetables i may need.
Any store that sells fresh seafood is gonna smell.
They have all the basic food necessities i need to make lao food at home, thank god!
You can order lao food in the back and take it to go if you prefer to not eat there.
They have more food items but those are usually what i order when i come here.
The meat were chunks right from the deli with mortadella, capocollo, salami and all were excellent.
The deli is outstanding and the produce is the freshest in the city.
I buy supplements and specialty foods quite often and i know just how overpriced they can get.
Especially when you're talking about vitamins, sulfate-free dried fruits, gluten-free produce, specialty drinks, non-dairy ice cream, etc.
Not all food items are cheaper, some will cost you a lot no matter where you go.
The food was incredible, the service was amazing, everyone was talkative and ready to help.
It's not a health food store, it's a local grocer!
While it's setup as a mini market/ deli, the market offerings are a little pricier than i've seen elsewhere.
Back to the subs tho - great crusty loaves, high quality meats, and made in true italian deli fashion.
Very good sandwiches plus an area to sit and enjoy your food.
Great, no bullshit, straight forward sandwich and deli.
I love their selection of healthy foods, meats.
Outstanding food, great service, wait time (for me) not a big deal since i walk around the market.
There is a store in the back of the food court that also freshly makes boonguhbbang.
It keeps food hot for a longer period and i love my food hot!
This place is like the no frills of whole foods.
I mostly look at the frozen foods.
Produce always looks fresh, great quality, bright & delicious.
This food 4 less is not bad looking at all, it's very neat and organized.
They prepared salads, sandwiches, and wraps are always fresh, flavorful, and delish and they have great prepackaged meals, too!
It's made with delicious spiced cookies instead of peanuts.
Meat and seafood has good variety.
If you want exotic foods, lee lee has bigger and better choices.
But that can definitely be overlooked with food this amazing!
Tons of hot foods if you're too lazy to cook for the day.
They have the friendliest staff at this whole foods.
Reasonably priced, and quite delicious.
Deli sandwiches here are really made with love.
It's so far out to have a good indian deli here in the neighborhood.
The food is very basic and wholesome.
I do miss larger whole foods locations, but this one is pretty good.
Their prepared foods are pretty good and they have decent selection given the size of the store.
Other items are expensive, but worth getting produce, meats and seafood.
This whole foods has the best staff working in the store.
The seafood department is amazing and always very fresh.
They have amazing sandwiches that are great and delicious.
), i have had two different pastas and sandwiches, both perfect and delicious.
So when i order delivery from ben brothers, i expected generic, prepackaged-quality "chinese" food.
My only big complaint is with the deli area.
After 4 bad deli encounters since opening, i did have a great deli experience yesterday with jo!
They have this place in the very back that they cook authentic korean food.
The food is authentic korean and home cooked style.
It is a very authentic italia deli type place and also a market.
I had some of the pasta salad my friend ordered and it was delivious.
I wish i could have stayed to try more food but we had such a short lunch.
The food quality is great and they have many italian options but the prices are a little steep.
If you are  fan of indian food, be sure to check out this indian grocery store!
So today we came back to try the food here.
We ordered the curried potatoes, lentils, rice and vegetable samosas.
I visit this store weekly, usually for deli meats, fruits and gfree bread.
The fruits and veggies, while fresh, are usually quite expensive, unless specifically on sale.
Some fruits i prefer to spend more on because they just don't taste as good elsewhere in the winter.
You can get organic food,  kosher items, veggie brands, and ethinic spices-all in the same store.
I had the chicken parmesan sandwich- was delicious!
So, i went to a yoga class and then headed over to whole foods to stock up.
I will say that the fruit is some of the best i've had in awhile... watermelon, honeydew, mango, and blueberries.
I've had both the mango and vanilla flavors and they are delicous!
I will be back to visit often, whole foods - even if you are a little pricey :)
Terrific place to go for "clean" meats and fresh local grown fruits & veggies.
Also have a nice selection of special diet specific foods offered.
As well, looking for a quick lunch or dinner, they got a good selection of ready made food available.
Une belle sélection de fruits, de légumes également.
Their prepared foods, yummy!
They have a good selection of produce, frozen foods, meats and really fresh fish at good prices.
Seeking provisions for the week, one can always count on whole foods to provide exceptional healthy treats.
Visiting the produce department first i am always amazed at the varieties of fresh fruit and veggies here.
The selections of different waters are located throughout the store and in the deli section where it is chilled.
The name brand water that whole foods sells is particularly good too.
I enjoyed my salad in the new dining section that all of the whole foods have added to their stores.
The atmosphere of whole foods is always welcoming, this store is no different.
I will visit again since it's whole foods; how can one stay away!
Their nut and dried fruit section is awesome and nicely priced for the amount that you get.
That being said, since i've move to las vegas i'm not really impressed by the food quality at smith's etc.
And the green valley location has the best floor plan layout, hot food bar and other amenities that i enjoy!
Lots of frozen foods, dairy and grocery staples.
The facilitator is super nice and often brings extra fruit to sell with your pick up.
They're delicious and decently priced!!
Their fruit log cake is light and so yummy.
To give you some background, this location used to be a lowe's foods.
The deli and cheese counter has a great selection as well as great service.
The wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality.
If you're there for lunch at philhouse, there's a shelf nearby with all desserts and delicacies.
I am addicted to whole foods.
Customer service at whole foods is always over the top.
Love this about whole foods.
The smell of the chile roasting is delish.
Owner takes pride in the food, and clients.
A great italian deli with delicious sandwiches.
I highly recommend (noted fruit-fascists excepted) fresh and easy to everyone.
Close to campus and they deliver groceries too!
There meat department has all fresh meat and seafood.
There food court is good, they make the food fresh to order.
It's an excellent feeling buying your food from people who truly care about food and your well being.
Produce, bulk isle, and the deli are my favorite departments.
This is my favorite local market for organic foods and they have the largest variety for more healthy cleaning supplies.
Excellent selection of ready to eat italian foods and unique ingredients.
I recommend the chicken pesto sausage and the meatball sub is delicious!
They have excellent food at massive portions (for the pastas).
I mean, i'm getting italian food and pasta - why have any shame about the amount of carbs i'm consuming?
You truly cannot beat that- especially since it's always so delicious!
For the deli items, they have pre-made deli salads, olives, and tons of cheeses at really good prices.
This place is decorated awesome, food is delicious, and the cheesecake is one of the best i have ever had!!
Bomb food  excellent sandwiches and great service.
Nice little casual spot with awesome food.
And for you meat eaters, they serve freshly made laotian food!
Sort of a mini whole foods, with emphasis on local produce and high end imports.
If you're in the mood for some good, but sloppy, italian comfort food, defalco's will do you good.
If we had known from day one how good this deli was we would have eaten here every day.
Defalco's could just be the best deli on the planet!
It's literally a deli and grocery store, so don't expect much for ambiance or service.
But the food is excellent!
I ordered the "maximus" with a seafood pasta side salad and traditional cannoli.
A wide array of different foods that are all the best and finest choices!
This place is fantastic both for the quality of the food and the price.
Craig in the hot food department is amazing!
They have a whole food court to the right as you walk in, and a bakery on the left.
Fun, neat and friendly grocer with deals and delicious foods available.
Great floral department and deli.
Great selection of asian foods , reasonably priced .
They have everything from clothes, to food/beer/wine & furniture/home decor!
Having moved from the northeast valley in los angeles county we know our middle eastern foods.
They have a variety of asian goods, such as frozen foods, spices, snacks, alcohol, and cooking supplies.
More like a store then restaurant but that good food is good food no matter where you get it from!
And yes they do deliver - eat and online restaurants fast as usual!
It looks like a deli that they put a bunch of italian groceries in and some italian baked goods.
They will come out with your food and call the number when you are done.
On to the food!
The lasagna was good, definitely above average, but it was missing my favorite part of lasagna, those delicious burnt edges.
Much to our delight, they just heaped the meat on there!
It's clear they take great pride in what they do, which is serve fantastic food in a friendly, clean, atmosphere.
I love whole foods, but this one is much smaller than the one in chandler.
It's always a delightful experience coming here!
Our favourites are the fruit log cake and strawberry short cake.
As soon as we saw the guarana and the belgium-made mango juice, we realized that this wasn't an ordinary deli/restaurant.
Delicious home cooked meals.
On another note i thought it was interesting on how you order your own food
I love india food but finding a good place has been difficult.
Especially having homemade india food.
I've been many places but i have to say the food here was delicious tasty and was not disappointing.
My delivery was hot.
The also have a sample station set up in the back which is a super way to try new foods.
I went to las vegas on labour day weekend and searched for indian food.
She gave us more food than usual.
All the items she served were very tasty and felt like home made food.
I am very familiar with argentine food and this was just fantastic.
They also have a deli with great sandwiches, meat and other south american products.
The meat counter is excellent, the deli is wonderful.
I like to stock up on meats and seafood too and individually freeze what i plan on saving.
Also, they have a seafood roadshow on the weekends that is beyond legit.
The prices are great for the portion and quality of food.
My wife ventured over in the food side, where they sell all varieties of beer and wine glasses.
Vegetables section has a great varieties of green vegetables that's only seen in asia, very fresh too!
They also have sandwiches, pizza, and delicious desserts.
I love the fruit, he food and asian snacks!
I am not vegetarian or vegan or dairy/gluten-free, i just think those items are delicious.
Our pastas, gnocchi and backed ziti were delicious.
Also, since when do fruit stickers have email addresses on them??
But... would have wish they had the same cupcakes from virginia beach's whole food.
The first thing i noticed was that the tables were scattered among the racks of italian foodstuffs.
The food came and i was in heaven.
It didn't look like a ton of food but we certainly got enough to eat.
The food court here probably has one of the best food quantity to cost ratios in vegas.
They have a great selection of meat, dog food, haribo candy, and mashed potatoes from a bag.
Love love love this wholefoods they have the most amazing staff pete, adrian, audry & claudia are rock stars!!
Organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options.
Mainly sells food items.
I have heard exciting and molto delicioso things defalco's.
Shopped here a few times when it was lowes foods, but never really was a fan.
Also always have solid whole foods made bottled cold pressed juices.
Going paleo, gluten free or just looking for any kind of health food?
Great staff, wonderful food and extras in the shopping area-family owned business too.
I enjoy shopping here every single time for the vegetables, for the bakery, and even for the flowers.
Price might be a bit expensive here, but their vegetables and fruits are always fresh.
Plus the food court is pretty great!
They have a great selection of wine and amazing food!
Rani dishes up some sumptuous home-style food at the back counter, with the love of a dotting grandmother.
To my less-traveled western epicurians, know this is not like the international isle at whole foods.
All at our table were very impressed with the quality of the food and the service left nothing out !
This is the go-to place for big bags of reasonably priced frozen fruits, veggies and meats etc.
They also sell off all kinds of non frozen overstock packaged items such as food and snacks at unbelievable prices.
Great food court, great prices both in the food court and in the market.
Their seafood & meat dept is fresh, great quality,   i come here allll the time.
But there is a hot food case in this place!
Great service, amazing food..  see you next time!
The prices are cheap and the quality of the food is great.
This while foods deserve 5 stars b/c every whole foods deserves 5 stars.
Whole foods has selections for special dietary needs such as vegetarian, vegan, gf, paleo, nut-free, soy-free, no transfat, etc.
It is very affordable, especially considering how expensive indian food is in phoenix.
The owner is always there and their food is super fresh!!!
Great quality stuff becit food or clothes or electronics.
I'm a little surprised my first yelp review is for a grocery store, but i suppose i like food.
Argentinian food is amazing in general.
However, fresh offers the variety which one now expects from grocery stores; fresh meat case, deli, sushi, rewards program, etc.
There is a wide range of food products that are sometimes difficult to find elsewhere.
Their hot/cold food stations have excellent selections and friendly clerks.
I wish it had a sushi bar like the bigger whole foods do.
Can't beat this place for deliciousness and value!
Its the only non-home cooked food that my mom craves!
If you are looking for top notch food- this is it.
This place is clean, has a great selection of everything you could possibly need to satisfy your food cravings.
The service and quality of the seafood is immaculate!
The sandwhiches are always good and yesterday i had a bite of a friends pasta and it was delish.
Perfect saturday lunch; a baguette and their delicious chaume cheese.
Lots of great organic food products, fresh and frozen.
You can find paneer in the fridge and some great pre made indian foods in the freezer.
I love this whole foods!
The bar is wonderful... great food and service!
The deli always has vegan options (deserts, sandwiches, sides, etc.).
I recommend this whole foods to everyone, especially those looking for great vegan options!
They also have a great selection of wine and other gourmet foods.
Another great whole foods market store!
Everything on the buffet looked so fresh and smelled delicious.
Next time, i will have to try more from their bakery and the fried and rotisserie chickens from the deli.
They have a big organic fruit section, on top of a really big regular fruit section that i buy from.
Its a small store and deli packed with italian stuff.
We went for lunch to the deli.
I know that if i want to grab a yummy, delicious baked good - they will have it.
It's a market... no, it's a deli... no, it's a bakery... no, it's a restaurant.
I always have to save room for my food!
Even my - very gringo - dad loves their food; he doesn't like to try anything new.
Brasilians love home made kinda food.
Cozy, great food and heitor is the best !!
It was delicious, bringing back memories of p. peñasco - i only forgot to add lime on both occasions!
It just doesn't get any more authentic than this - with either the food or the chef!
Go for the groceries and the food, it is amazing!
The food is simple and tasty.
Everyone that worked there was so friendly and inviting and the food was delicious!
My girlfriend and i love this whole foods!
The cafe area and the deli area is huge.
Since this post, they have been keeping the sushi in the covered food area.
If there's a better deli i sure don't know what it would be!
Too bad costco doesn't sell organic condensed milk (i bought mine from nearby whole foods)...
Kudos for costco stocking up on more and more organic foodstuffs and biodegradable cleaning solutions/solvents.
All their home made ready-to-eat soups and dishes are delicious, and their bbq'ing meats are amazing.
I've never had anything that wasn't absolutly delicious!
Hopefully if your in the mood for some good argentinian food you will try them out as well.
I like everything i have tried from the joe's - from food to beauty products.
I love this place for their banchan and other foods.
I love this whole foods market!
I am blown away by the customer service here & will continue to shop here for all my food needs.
Thank you, whole foods market!
Awesome service, great food, and a good selection of ethnic groceries to choose from.
I'll definitely be coming back here for breakfast or lunch when i'm wanting something quick, easy, and delicious!
We ordered our food extra hot because that is how we roll...it wasn't over the top hot; just right imo.
To start they have quilmes argentinean beer, and it's delicious.
Mine was delicious and simple.
The prices are extremely reasonable for a steak and seafood dinner.
They all looked absolutely delicious and some were even dusted beautifully with glitter.
This is a grocery/deli, so you are surrounded by all types of delicacies.
I was introduced to salim's food when he catered monthly gyro fundraisers at central catholic high-school.
The food was simply delicious, we left satisfied by the homemade food, mom was cooking in the kitchen!
The coxinha is so good and they had an amazing fresh made passion fruit juice.
Whole foods is right up the street from me, so it's usually my go-to grocery store.
They have a decent deli that includes an array of international pre-made meals.
The store carries almost everything desired from a super indian grocery store - snacks, staples, vegetables, fruits and exotic items.
The chicken fettuccini alfredo is delicious!
This is one of those market/deli/restaurants that are worth the awkward set up.
They have higher-end food, products and it just feels classier than any grocery stores out there.
If norstrom were to open a food store aj's would be that store.
The bakery and deli do a good job in putting together orders.
His food, especially babaganush (i can't spell it) and some sort of roasted pepper and walnut dips are amazing.
I don't like salty food.
I would def come back and try other food
A great selection of fresh food: fruit, meats, sides, seafood, etc.
My ideal glutton food shopping exp.
The food is of good quality, fresh and well priced.
It is the best place in las vegas to try tasty homestyle indian veg food.
This is a great spot for vegetables and certain meat products, mostly veggies however unless it's ground meat!
Enjoy the kale tonic at true food, and then shop at the polo ralph lauren store.
The only thing that i can think of that this place does not have is fresh sea food.
Fresh vegetable section is very limited.
They have a confortable environment,  fresh deli meats, fresh stakes, yummy fresh bread and more.
There are fantastic buys in the deli/grocer area if you so choose.
The food is good and reasonably priced.
Still, it's delicious and a better deal than you'll find elsewhere.
This whole foods is our favorite one in this area.
Craig is our go to guy for delicious wraps and anything that is made by hand.
Craig is the most amazing whole food worker.
If you haven't experience true quality customer service come to this whole foods.
Produce is pretty nice- specially the fruits are lovely.
Definitely will try their food court soon.
Deliciousness beyond what i can write on this review.
Our first time trying some new food and we fell in love .
Thank you for the great food and service and we left with a gift .
Fresh and easy is exactly what it claims to be... fresh food, easy to buy.
Homemade food, great coxinha, awesome fresh passion fruit juice and keep place for the coconut pie!
The deli is always kept up  and the store is generally super clean.
So great that most locations have snacks/fresh hot food and convenient gas.
They have delish drinks and pastries.
The smell of deliciousness saturated the air of this quaint deli on the west side of spring mountain.
The dipping sauce is fresh herbs and garlic that they bottle there, and you may slather your food in.
Once again, a calm family environment with good food and fresh butcher options to boot.
I was very excited about the make your own salad bar and hot food bar.
The fruit infused water is a great idea, but it's about $2.00 too expensive per bottle.
We only saw the deli/produce area this trip.
There were items here that whole foods did not have - like organic celery.
Great spot with tasty food.
Overall, this is great place to shop- for food (some prices are hard to beat), electronics, gifts, etc.
4 stars because occasionally the fruit is not the freshest but for the majority of the time it is.
They offer great selection of authentic italian food and groceries as well.
If you are an italian food lover like me then try this place.
There are lots of specialty foods (dip mixes, hot sauces, etc.
The prices are generally cheaper than what you would expect for a whole food natural no gmo kind of store.
What is not to like about this food???
The deli is huge and the premade salads like penne pasta w/spinach are always available.
They started taking deli ham and cutting it into chunks and cover it in a glaze.
My first argentine experience and it was delicious!!
This place is a restaurant, deli and small supermarket.
Boss had the seafood soup which was the soup of the day and he said it was great too.
I noticed they sell it bottled in their deli section too.
I love the food here, plus i also use the store to buy ingredients.
The hummus, baba ghanough, and taboulee are made fresh and taste delicious.
Some reviewers complain about the prices but for food of this quality it is really a bargain!
Celena was amazing at the service deli.
The staff is awesome and the food is great.
They make the desert and there is a ton of food to pick from.
You like mediterranean style food this place is awesome.
Whole foods has the best selection of luna protein and nutrition bars.
The nutrition bars - they have like 10+ flavors, everything but chai which surprised me since it is whole foods.
I love agentina and its food and these guys do it right.
I wish they had a wider selection of fruits and vegetables.
I love cooking thai food, but it's important to have the correct spices.
It's clean and has everything you need in a whole foods.
The hot food sections had a good variety of vegan items so that's a plus!
Overall solid whole foods.
The online ordering was simple and they had everything i needed which were mostly non food items.
I got a panini sandwich from the deli, which was delicious and also picked up a slice of cheese cake.
I love this italian deli.
The restaurant has absolutely delicious food i love everything i've ever eaten there try the whole menu.
Thanks for the great food and all around relaxing experience and as an "ex" pizza place owner myself terrific staff!
Expect to spend $20/less on several food items.
They have a wonderful meat counter, seafood counter, deli, cheese counter and even a sushi counter.
Very clean, great selection of seafood.
S last sunday we were in and lisa in prepared foods was ever helpful.
Awesome deli with a huge variety of prepared foods, sandwiches & pizza.
Aj's reminds me of whole foods, but nicer and not all about organics.
Dried fruit buy the pound and lots of other little niceties.
And i love buying food products that say, "no nitrates or nitrates added".
Great spot for shami/ mediterranean style food, you won't regret it.
Great price on vegetables.
This whole foods is nice!
But for real fresh food with good service this is your spot.
They have freshly prepared food for all different types of taste buds.
Amazing selection of hard to get asian vegetables.
This is probably one of the best kept secrets for argentinian food!
The grilled meats were cooked to perfection along with the constant refills of their delicious chimichurri sauce and bread!
Not only was the food delicious, but was a great deal to feed a family of 11!
I really wish we had aj's fine foods in indianapolis!
The deli could stand alone with out the grocery.
Always a great place for food prices.
Regardless, good deals, bulk buying, and, of course, awesome food samples.
Wine, beer, deli, desserts, all you need.
Where i live on long island, ny healthy and organic foods cost a fortune compared to this.
Great selection of self-serve nuts/dried fruits - i got the hugest and most delicious golden raisins ever here..
And we had more food than we could eat.
The deli section looks amazing and i can't wait to get some meats for home from here soon.
It's not the fanciest whole foods in town, but it definitely has the best employees!
Pho broth is so delicious you don't need to add anything else but saracha for the spice.
Whether you are eating in or taking out, food is so amazing and authentic it's a must have.
The food is delicious, the facility is clean and the people are friendly.
Great meat and seafood counter.
Love this place i had a shamy cheese it was so delicious can't wait to come back again.
If you're looking for 'authentic' italian food this is the place.
I've been shopping whole foods for years, dating back to the first opening of the location in summerlin.
Very clean, very organized and lots of food choices.
Whole foods is my favorite grocery store for vegetarian and vegan delights.
First off, it's not just a deli, it's an italian market.
So now we've moved from a deli, to a grocer, to a wine shop.
Great selection of prepared salads in the deli as well.
Favorite place to drop some bones on delicious and healthy food.
Pros:  their selection of dried fruit and nuts is amazing.
The only place to find honest to goodness dried fruit with no added sugar or color.
All in all, i'd rather shop at tj's than other "health-food stores" out there.
I'm buying less and less at the store and getting more and more delivered through fresh city.
No ambience but great food, particularly the sandwiches.
Got my son's birthday cake here, it was delicious!!!
I haven't had a chance try and deli items, except the potato salad which i found delicious.
I have only had a few of the sandwiches so far and they have both been delicious.
On the food side, they can't be beat.
With this economy we need to cut down on food bills.
The frozen food isle is awesome.
Great kosher food and they have this fabulous kosher fake "bacon" that i love to buy.
:o) was delightfully surprising and really refreshing on a warm day.
So many choices and good food.
I always go there to get seafood.
This was my first time visiting a whole foods market and i was more than pleased with my visit.
I was blown away with all the variety from the juice bar, sushi station, grill, salad and deli area.
It was reasonably priced for high quality wholesome food.
And everything i tried was delicious.
Food focus: i do get inspired even just walking around.
Usually write pros and cons but there's no doubt the food here is bomb!
Take all my out of state friends here just to try their food.
I was scrolling through yelp food recomendations and saw this place.
This ensures at least that the ingridients in the deli are authentic.
This place is not a high frills place, but the food was amazing.
It brings me right back to ny with the hustle and bustle of the italian delis there.
But the food is totally worth it.
Our first visit to arizona visiting this beautiful store the food is amazing i do highly recommend it
Usually buy my fruits, veggie and meat.
The one product that is very inconsistent is their fruit.
I'm not going to purchase fruit there anymore.
It's very well laid out and spotlessly clean, with a large deli and a gorgeous produce section.
If you're looking for some odd or special ingredient, don't go to whole foods: come here.
The seafood and cheese departments are things of beauty, with all sorts of rare and hard to find items.
Sure...whole foods is more expensive than the dollar store produce you are used to.
Seafood was her suggestion, so i suggested mussels and shrimp because these were quick, easy, and cook in no time.
I can't believe the cheap prices we have here for seafood(and we're in the desert!?!?)
For what you would pay double or maybe even triple for  at any seafood restaurant!
But i live by "you get what you pay for" and aj's delivers.
The deli selection is top quality and you will find meats from around the world here; cheeses too!
And the pre-made salads: pasta, potato and fruit - oh my!
In the deli they offer a salad bar that is bar-none (you like that?, yeah me too).
Review is for the food stall, not the whole supermarket.
These are delicious, marinated beautifully, with a savory and not too sweet aroma.
The food is always very good, and freshly made.
I live in the area and it's wonderful to not have to schlep downtown to go to whole foods anymore.
I took home some food from the hot bar as well as made myself a salad from the salad bar.
And though the hot food was reasonably priced, it was slightly underwhelming.
If i'm going to pick up expensive grocery store hot food, i'm gonna head to mcewan next time.
But whole foods is it's own universe and let's face it, we're paying for that.
The food is always delectable.
They have great foods and a wide selection of groceries to choose from, but it's quite small.
Aren't you there to buy food?
Everything that i have tried so far has been delicious.
I look forward to trying more of their delicious options!
To me it is worth the drive from charlotte to them for the fresh meats and deli counter options.
There was even samples in the food section on the weekend, wow!
Their response was-  ok food reasonably priced.
They could make the buffet filled with food because they seem to run out of food really quick here.
This is a great place for good food.
Food has a great homemade flavor, server was very nice and friendly and food came in quick.
They have freshly made natural fruit juice and dessert was wonderful.
Very authentic argentinian food.
It was a nice little restaurant to eat a delicious quick meal.
Amazing produce, prepared foods, and they also have a sushi bar.
Naturally, you should be aware of the date, but it is normally a guideline and not a strict get-rid-of-it-or-the-world-will-self-destruct alert.
Great quality food and reasonable prices.
They are pretty similar at all locations prepared food wise except i've noticed the bakery items varies from locations.
Indeed, it's flat-out amazing how much food you can bring home from here with the change in your pocket.
Felt like i was in my gramma and grampa's italian deli back in the day.
We nighthawk rice, fruits, veggies, and much much more.
While the shopping selection is nice (according to my wife) the food borders on fantastic!
This whole foods is one of the largest ones i've ever been to.
I went to 2 whole foods in vegas and this is the better of the two.
Secondly the food is off the hook great.
Lots of asian items - from rice noodles (dried or in the fridge) to fresh vegetables.
They do have supplies for school, food, bicycles and clothes.
Don't miss this experience-and great food, too.
Their deli is always quick and the meat is always good quality.
*the hot food at the stand is pretty good and the pizza is really greasy.
As it is within walking distance of my home, it will be my go to place for food!
The food was great and the service was awesome.
I am getting fresh food!!
Heinens is a quality grocery store, you can get the freshest selection of food here.
The seafood is always fresh and never has that old smelly bad seafood smell.
This is a great neighborhood wholefoods.
They had a huge seafood and meat selection with fresh live seafood even frogs!
My mother-in-law is a super lover of italian food.
Shopping here is just like shopping at whole foods or your typical suburban grocery store.
There's lots of high-end organic food available.
The deli has a sizeable selection of delicious lunch meats, cheeses, and salads.
Yes it's inside of a market but the food is so amazing .
You walk towards the back and order the food.
The wait isn't long about 10 mins until food is on the table.
Legit italian deli with a great selection of wine, snacks, food, and desserts.
The weekly specials are great and deli makes tasty sandwiches.
Not even close... cafeteria food can rival some mid range restaurants.
The food is overall very good.
It's not the most glamorous place but we had a great experience, mainly because we love brazilian food.
It used to be that their produce selection was often-times brown, deflated and covered in fruit flies.
If i need to get fruit, rollins is pretty much the last place on my mind...
I'd rather scour alleyways in search of fruit trees sometimes.
They didn't, so he gave me his pair that he uses at the deli for free.
If you have food allergies, this place has a nice variety of great alternatives.
The specialty food is a little pricey, but that;s to be expected.
Everything you'd need to prepare a delicious italian feast!
It always looks and smells delicious!
I really like how clean this whole foods is and how friendly the staff is.
Quality and homemade foods are their specialty.
I took a skeptical bite and to my surprise, it was light, fluffy, not sweet, super fruity, and rich.
And i adored the plentiful fresh fruits too.
I was really surprised to see they have sooooo many types of bakeries, delicious and cheap!
Tandoori chicken was very good, except that the vegetables that accompanied the chicken were too greasy.
Overall, not bad and a lot of food for just $10.
Good food here, specially when they serve you the steak, they are still sizzling.
This was my first experience eating argentinian food.
I had their delicious barbecued short rib meal, tira de asado.
To say the amount of food on each tray was abundant would be a huge understatement.
I was pleasantly surprised the wide selection of ready to eat foods and also two store within a store restaurants.
The first is seafood focused.
I had to have their pizza bianca white pizza), which as usual was delicious.
They have plenty of seating for both the deli and the starbucks inside.
Clean store (even with the remodeling going on) in an easily accessed location.
The gland was fresh and delicious.
And next time i'm getting food.
The beignets were delicious and fresh, covered in (extremely messy) powdered sugar.
The pizza was delish!
, calzone's and every other italian delite you could think of.
Reasonable price's but most of all geat food.
Delicious food & great customer service.
The sandwiches and pizza are some of the best in the valley, made to order ,fresh and delicious.
You can find a lot of organic herbs and spices here with half the price from whole foods.
Great wine, great food, and awesome staff.
The wine and beer was delicious and the food was phenomenal.
From ny, and it definitely had the feel of an old school deli joint.
Good people, great food....very comfortable.
Best place to come and enjoy authentic korean food.
Whole foods -- single visit to this store.
This store is managed well, clean, near perfect layout, great varieties of foods, prepared and packaged.
We had a hard time trying to find food late and had to settle for a wing joint.
I opted not to have any food there and so by morning, i was starving.
Everything was delicious and filling.
The auto department guy checked in the vehicles and told us of a few close options for food.
Service was great and the food was good.
Delicious food at a great price.
Deli counter and fresh cheeses- cheapest place for cold cuts of any grocery chain.
Meat and seafood- fantastic selection of fresh halal meats and marinated meats for grilling.
On the seafood side the choices of fresh fish is amazing.
Frozen section- more frozen seafood.
The food was fresh and recipes well thought out.
Great, authentic korean food with a wonderfully friendly staff.
Don't feel like making the food yourself?
Overall rating: 4.5 stars food: 4.8 stars service: 4.1 stars cleanliness: 3.8 stars atmosphere: 3.2 price/value: 4.6 stars
Tons of delicious thick sliced meat.
The prices were not inexpensive, but the food was tasty and ample.
I don't know why i've never had veggie greek food before, that was so so right.
Tons and tons of samples from their deli spots and bakery.
Their french bread is absolutely delish.
Their seafood counter is absolutely amazing!
They have the same supplier as most restaurants in the area, so any seafood you want, they can get!
The food and the produce available is great!
Our hosts bought some food for dinner here and everything we had was fantastic.
I'm sure out cook/friend is an amazing cook, but the quality of the food certainly helped out.
I really love metcalfe's produce, fresh seafood and ready-to-eat meals.
Co-op, the selection of fresh seafood there is scarce, in my opinion.
The bigger chain grocery stores around madison are not better when it comes to fresh seafood.
I definitely recommend metcalfe's to anyone looking for a great selection of produce, fresh seafood and deli/ready-to-eat foods!
The prices are super cheap and the food is great!
To the food, we had both ordered the baked blueberry croissant french toast.
We had meandered a bit afterwards, inflicted with the pains of a food coma.
Management was positively delightful - so genuinely sweet without any schmooze.
It was a surprisingly short wait time and the food was just as delicious when i took it home.
But the chicken kabob was delicious!!
Delicious food i can eat!
They have a large selection of so many delicious goods.
Not the typical type of food found in the valley a real hidden gem.
Fun fact: their pre-made foods such as their teriyaki bowls, sushi, pizza, etc may not be organic.
Everyone was friendly with lots of meat, cheese, fruit, veggie and sweets selections.
Great food, great service!
The sub was tasty and the soup, delicious.
I particularly like their selection of fresh pre cut fruit.
Love the addition of food products.
It was delivered on time.
I am told the cookies were delicious and were gone in a flash!
On tuesdays and wednesdays, they offer specials on the freshly prepared food, so be sure to partake.
Great beer selection, nice seafood dept and soccer moms!
The food is authentic asian fare.
Try not to get caught up on the appearance of the restaurant, the food is good.
Or  seeing merchants weighing fruits with those old style scales with the weights, you know?
Go there to get fresh meats, seafood, bread, sandwiches, cheeses, spices, produce and even kitchen gear.
I first stopped at the hot foods counter.
The service is a bit on the slow side, but the food is well worth it.
And the antipasti is pretty great (plenty of delicious pickled things!)
As you enter you are greeted by the delicious wafting aromas of fresh baked bread.
There is an asian deli with soba and sushi.
There is a bakery and a sandwich station; these all ring the traditional deli.
Don't get me wrong: the deli is pricey.
This, the nicest whole foods i've every been to, is nestled amongst block after block of upscale shopping.
Ps: whole foods has a much larger selection than wild oats, which is why i prefer it.
Love the fruit bowls & produce is very fresh!!
We really like their food- except for their non-fat yogurt.
The ham bread is really good and some of the sweet breads are delicious too!
I think everybody should try korean food at least once.
The seafood pancakes and kimchi pancakes are fantastic; i could make a meal out of them.
Whole foods just reopened the watering hole taproom and restaurant.
36 tapps, great wine selection and food.
There is an extensive seafood section with lots of fresh fish, crustaceans, and all manner of bivalves (thicc geoducks).
This place is delicious!
Their food is so authentic and i haven't found a place like this yet.
Food was out fast and eggs, steak and everything was cooked to perfection!
Paymon's was a great experience from the service and atmosphere to the food.
The food is standard breakfast food but it's really good here.
The food is great and the same people have worked there for years.
This is the best whole foods i've been to.
The selection was excellent, and the deli food was very fresh.
If you love fresh berries, fresh greens, tina if fruits and vegetables- this is your store!
But, when we do, we buy enough fruit and some vegetables to freeze!
The food is very good and very dependable and the service is generally very friendly.
And i hear pretty delicious reports on brunch, though i haven't managed to try that myself yet.
I don't shop at whole foods that often since it isn't that close to me.
There's a shop n save a block from my house, so i buy most of my food there.
One thing about whole foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables.
They never have spoiled or bad fruit.
They have fruit tarts and a lot of different flavored cheesecakes and cannolis.
Whole foods seems more expensive than aldi but less expensive than giant eagle.
Who couldn't love whole foods?!
The only downside to shopping at whole foods is their prices, but other than that everything is amazing.
They have a delicious falafel sandwich that is priced well.
The food and kitchen tools are reasonably priced.
The combination of meats was delicious and ample.
I stopped in and saw a nice spread of fresh foods for choosing.
But the falafel was delish.
Especially delightful to me is the meat counter with not only fresh chorizo, but also fresh chincharrones (pork rinds!)
I ordered red velvet pancakes which was delicious!
Seafood pancake, bul go gi, dolsot bi bim bob, combo 18 and gal bi are my favs
The vegetables are fresh and there never is any line up.
I recently went in to get some vegetables, but didn't have enough cash to purchase it.
I've been there several times fair price great food excellent decor..
Between the six of us we had practically everything on the menu, and everyone loved their food.
She said that, and the servers in jammies made it her favorite  wonderful food & great service.
The food was amazing!!
Over the food was good.
The food is a bit on the pricey side but worth it .
The produce there seems fresher than the other foody's but it could be because it's new.
The bakery section is quite small and same for the fast food section (sushi boxes etc).
The foody at bamburgh circle is much bigger i believe.
Prices are the same as the other foody and same end of day discounts on sushi boxes.
Organic produce delivered to your home year 'round!
Yes, the fruits and vegetables here are dirt cheap, and yes sometimes you end up with a moldy potato.
You have to try this place out if you love mediterranean food and if you are really hungry.
It's not too pretty but don't let that stop you from trying out their food!
My chicken schwarma was delicious!
It came with a ton of chicken, hummus, delicious basmati rice, and a piece of pita.
My husband had the shish kabob plate and the also came with rice, grilled vegetables, and a side salad.
Portions are really big and so we still had food leftover.
Bought halal meats- everything was very fresh and great choice of fruits, veggies and spices!!
Original review below: (this is in response to the response from rise and shine)  your food is good, no doubt.
Original review follows: good food, nice decor, great staff.
The food was good and plentiful.
The prep and way the food is served is legit though.
Great food and fun classy atmosphere.
The place is the foodies' heaven!!
If you like korean food you must come here.
Great selection of rare items you need to make a variety of japanese & chinese foods.
Are there really words in the english language to describe how wonderful this food is?
The food is worth it.
+ chicken shawarma  + gyros  + lots of food.
This is a great specialty store that has every product you could possibly need to make great italian food.
Anything from a cute outfit to kitchen supplies to decor for my house to even a couple delicious snacks.
Excellent wine and food!
Our server was nolan and was very knowledgeable and delightful!
Made to order, the food is tasty and the service is friendly and quick.
I love persian food and this place has food on top of food, on top of food.
And it was so delicious.
Food-wise, i tried the gyro sandwich and the veggie combination plate.
Whole foods is that answer.
They have food that makes my tongue tingle.
I prefer to shop in a clean environment when i'm buying food products.
The food was great and the prices are fair, which is good because the portions are medium not large sized.
It's always a great place for me to introduce people to meditteranean food!
St lawrence is known for their butchers, cheeses, seafood, and bakeries.
For prepared foods i often have the pirogies from the polish shop downstairs.
Food always come out perfect!
From the warm, delicious stuffed grape leaves to the hummous to the kebabs to, well, everything!
The food is much better and half the price.
Humble environment - awesome food - great price.
Had some drinks and food, prices were amazing.
Sprouts is kinda like whole foods and trader joes had a baby.
The fruit is always an excellent price.
I absolutely love their seafood and meat counter.
Sprouts has nuts, grains, candy, dried fruits and other items.
The menu for food is italian in nature.
It makes me all bubbly inside just thinking of when i can go back to sorso and taste this delight!
The food court is great.
Offers delivery for those who could take advantage of such a thing
Super delicious, large portions (one sandwch can feed you the whole day hahaha) and very nice staff.
The food here is pretty pricey.
However, the food, it was meh.
I would definitely visit again & try other delicious look items that were coming out of the kitchen.
Food is reasonably priced and tastes great!
So far, pepero korean market is my go to when it comes to korean food.
Still looking for good korean food around charlotte.
Whole foods has a much better selection (freshness wise) in produce, meats, and cheese across the board.
Whole foods has fresh clams and they were much cheaper than the other two locations!
Prices are better than comparable unless you're used to eating sub-standard food!
Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at haji baba.
- orzo (barley coffee): orzo coffee isn't as famous as the other italian foods/dishes, but it's actually a staple.
Every dish is delicious.
I especially like their seafood pancake, yaki mandoo, spicy stir fried squid, seafood hot pot and the grill bulkabi.
I also ordered the steak chilaquiles for my boyfriend togo and that looked delicious.
I love whole foods.
Large selection in the deli.
Next do not wait but run to meat/deli counter!
I can't say enough for bethany and her team of prepared foods colleagues.
I love whole foods market of pittsburgh!
Kind of a whole food feel!
I don't generally go for vegan food.
The food: i got green curry and satay skewers with coconut rice.
The price: a fair price for all the food.
Not fast food cheap; but you pay a fair price for good quality food.
Even if you don't like vegan food.
It's so delicious that you'll forget it's vegan.
There is no denying that the food is great... but i am back to concerned about the service.
Again food is really tasty but the inconsistencies will lose customers.
Fresh grocery, deli, hot prepared foods, cafe, bakery all with excellent selection and quality.
The turkey pot pies are delicious with huge chunks of turkey meat.
Excellent service and wonderful food.
Food is hot and delicious.
Beef kebab is delicious.
I love their bulk section of dried fruits and nuts.
Super delicious chorizo, al pastor, and carne asade, with lots of different sauces.
It's hot and fresh and oh so delicious.
So, yes, run to la plaza if you're craving some good- and not fast food- tacos.
They were juicy and delicious.
Unbelievable food with great prices.
Such a refreshing break from the food on the strip.
I had the pleasure of going in and guess who prepared my food?
We finally found a decent place with good food.
The prices of their food is really cheap compared to american supermarkets.
Latina is kind of small inside, but packed with delicious foods.
The market is great with an excellent selection of meats and vegetables, but the highlight is the peameal bacon sandwich.
Delicious condiments including super hot peppers.
The food here is always fresh and priced decently if you know what to order.
The food was delicious.
If you want authentic tacos go to the deli in the back of the market.
If you want authentic horchata, (albeit a bit too sweet) go to the deli in the back.
Food are on the pricey side but fresh and delicious!
Kinda weird with the grocery store/restaurant thing butgood food.
As far as whole food stores go, nuthouse can compete with the best of them.
I love their food.
I'm not iranian i just point to the photo of the food i like.
And the food is very good.
Returned a pack of shiner grapefruit beer that was missing any hint of grapefruit taste.
Yep, totally absent of any fruit flavor.
I swapped out the shiners for traveler's grapefruit shandy which was awesome.
Ballast point and leinenkugel also make great fruit crafts.
Oh, and there is a german brewer that puts out a tasty grapefruit version too.
When asked about the shiner grapefruit one of the reps echoed my experience of bland taste.
I liked the takeout food bar at the back of this supermarket.
Definitely check this place out if you want to try some authentic persian food!
I drive to whole foods in wexford from cranberry twp about once a month.
Food a+ service a+.
Very cute place and great food!!
Eggs benedict was delicious
They did not know i was coming in and the service was great food was good again.
This is a nice whole foods.
Keep it up, wf... the only place we can get pristinely pure, clean foods!
Love the fresh made foods you can eat before shopping.
Also tried the carrot cake which was delicious.
Incredible, authentic middle eastern food and great prices.
The food is consistently tasty.
Here's what i have to say about paymon's-- the food is excellent.
A really great place to buy and sample many fresh and exotic foods.
Although food is mostly sold here (fresh vegetables, seafood, meats etc.)
A great place to have lunch, try some new foods, and buy a couple of things.
They have a good selection of seafood, but i have had bad experience getting spoiled lobster.
My favorite venders are the specialty meat shops and fruits/vegetable venders.
Every plate of foods that would come out looked spectacular.
My boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffles and it was delicious.
I really enjoy exploring this store and finding delicious stuff i had never heard of.
Looking for counter service, tasty mexican food?
What else is there to say about whole foods other than love!!
First whole foods in vegas, was it not?
I get a majority of my food from here because of the broad choices that other stores cannot match.
If you haven't been to a whole foods before, you need to go.
True quality food and an amazing experience.
The food is delicious, my favorite is kabob koubidah with a side of falafel and sambousek.
Very good food in the kitchen.
Food was awesome with a great presentation.
The products are good, the prices are good, the samples are fun and delish and the coupons are a bargain.
Metcalfe's offers the best fresh seafood selection in madison; leaps and bounds above all other options to choose from!
I make a commitment to always visit this location when i'm in the mood for fresh seafood & produce!
They have many choices of meats and fresh vegetables.
Great food bar....hot food and organic salads...the burgers from the grill are awsome
The food here is amazing.
You cannot beat the quality of this food.
I'm not a shopper by nature, especially when it comes to food.
The food is delicious and i appreciate the healthy options.
Don't expect the huge meat rack that you'll find at a whole foods because this is a neighborhood joint.
The minute you get to the parking lot you can already smell how great this food is.
This is a place you need to check out especially if you're a first timer to middle eastern food!
Christmas shopping at my favorite hungarian deli everything that i want, from desserts to fresh meat products.
Awesome place to get delicacy products!!!
One of the larger whole foods in the valley, with tons of eating/gathering spaces throughout the store.
Domenic's fish market had organic salmon from the irish sea they got that morning  it was delish.
I always get the falafel sandwich and its always delicious and always cheap.
It never takes more than 10 minutes to get my food.
Great food and great service
There's something about being surrounded by all that food!
There isn't mediterranean food in all of sf that is anywhere near as good for 3x the price.
We had the teriyaki steak tips, and they were delicious!!!
The only thing that topped the food was the excellent service from our waitress lisa, kitchen and staff.
I received my first order this morning (they deliver to your doorstep quietly during the night).
I have wanted to try a produce delivery service for a long time, but i was holding out.
They were kind enough to escort me back to the dog food even though they were closed for the night!
I love whole foods but we all know how it got it's nickname "whole paycheck".
Mostly i shop at whole foods for items i can't find anywhere else.
Of course, the prepared food section is great.
Great little asian market in downtown that specializes in korean/japanese groceries (right next to the community food store).
You can truly tell that the staff are as enthusiastic about cheese as the cheese is delicious.
Always full of fruit and vegetables that are (imo) much fresher and brighter than your average grocery store fare.
The ultimate place for comfort food, especially when nursing a hangover or leaving las vegas.
And their take away food is delicious.
Their selection of dry fruits is great.
It was like being in israel again with delicious hummus and vegetables.
I always buy twice as many fruits and veggies than i can possibly consume before they go bad!
Check out their spices and other food stuff.
There's also a ready-made food area.
Best italian food on the east side for lunch.
I love coming here for the amazing deals and fresh food!
Cool little market they have deli and all the good stuff here.
Pick up some fresh fruits, veggies, and meats to prepare yourself.
In the meantime, some magical, mystical creatures have shopped for your food and bagged it.
They also cook some delicious stuff there like the eggplant caviar yummy.
This grocery store seems to keep everything clean and stocked well, no filthy floors or rotten vegetables.
The selection of pre-prepared food is always good, normally having pasta, chicken, salads, and other options readily available.
I came here as i was looking for food and they were not a chain and had good reviews.
Whole foods os doing something right.
Fantastic place to shop for fruits and veggies.
I usually check out the produce, because who doesn't love cheap, good quality fruits & veggies?!
And last but not least, the fruit juice bar!
You can select your own fruits for them to juice right in front of you.
It's my go to for organic fruit, vegetables, canned goods, cereal, etc!!!!
I refuse to buy regular fruit and veggies as i know they are filled with pesticides.
Frozen foods are also great, healthy too.
I shop between trader joe's, whole foods and sprouts.
The hot food bar is awesome and the aisles feel much more spacious than it's sister store.
Never overly crowded, always delivers quality products.
If, unlike me, you actually like greens, you will probably be able to concoct something delicious.
In the end, only one thing is currently making me give whole foods 4 stars:  the turkey avocado sandwich.
The pastries are just delicious always makes for a great little snack on my way back to central phoenix.
A must have is the pot of bread, even if you order it separate, delicious!!!!
Try the food service area.
A lot of delicious items to choose from.
Say what you will about whole foods, their prices and politics but it's a great store.
Such an unassuming place with yummy food!
The carnita and lamb tacos were delicious!
The food is delicious!
You can shop for amazing food items in the attached grocery store.
This is my go-to place for fruits and vegetables at a great price.
Their food always comes out in time, and my water is literally refilled every 10 minutes.
Tons of hot food selection in the delivery, including freshly made sushi.
This fry's has clothes, food, grilled steak, etc etc.
My favorite middle eastern food in phoenix.
Sweet smells of all sorts of cheese, freshly baked breads and stinky seafood - everything!
This is such a great and fun food market experience!
Their bacon, eggs, and waffles are delicious.
Ordered the gyro pita with fries and a baklava for dessert and it was delicious!
When you are done they sell a variety of cheese, meats, and what seem to be typical european food goods.
Don't forget to try the hot food/salads.
They have soups, grain bar, salads, hot foods, and so much more.
The food is delicious.
On wednesdays, the food bar is two dollars cheaper/a pound than other days.
Very good food and fast!
When i go to this location i always get my organic snacks, organic rice, and organic vegetables here.
This location seems to always have organic jasmine rice, the reason why i love this whole foods!
Delicious drinks, food, & hookah.
I'm a fan for spending under thirty dollars and i leave with five full bags of veggies and fruits.
Great place for food and catching up with friends!
I've enjoyed many of the food items and have not been disappointed.
Great space, pleasant knowledgeable servers and good food.
Great spot for indian spices and foods fro recipes!
We bought an entire cart of fruits and veggies for 25 bucks!
Middle eastern food at its best!
Food is prepared fresh.
The food was delish, the french press coffee was so good!
The bacon was delish..... our server was a sweetheart & i loved that they wore jammies!
Such delightful taste treats....always difficult to decide what we like best.
Four star only because of "ambiance ".....it's pretty bare bones, but really come here for food, not mood.
A plus there is a deli/restaurant that serves up some authentic mexican food, lots of soups and fresh meats.
Food came out fast and correct!!
Delicious food at a decent price.
Authentic mexican food that is now my favorite dive spot.
It's a little sketch when you walk in but the food is killer.
Cheap food and the portions are huge.
What can i say, mexican food wonderland!
Huge selection of delectable meats, veggies, and prepared foods.
Like it's competitors, this is a one-stop supermarket, with a pharmacy, household necessities, camping and picnic stuff, toys, and food.
They have a floral department and a deli where you can get cut meat.
As for the deli, it's a good place to grab this cheese i can't find anywhere else--munchee cheese.
Their international cheeses, meats and dairy, as well as their asian canned food section is stocked nicely.
Nice staff and great food.
Alternatively, you can sit down at a table and eat your delicious meal in the shop.
It's such a relief to find west indian food, prepared by west indians, in calgary.
A big shout out to caribbean choice food!
Cheap really good mexican food.
It's not authentic mexican food but it's a really delicious alternative.
It's kind of like the food my in laws would grill up on a weekend afternoon party.
Delicious, authentic and cool/fun foods and gifts.
These guys are on top of their game   food: the portions are big!
As far as taste, the food is flawless.
Had the chicken fried steak and it was delicious.
Cold cuts, cheeses, fruits, vegetables, souvenirs, bath products, etc.
It also has a sushi bar, a starbucks, a small selection of organic and health foods, a bakery, etc.
Obviously not as nice as a whole foods, but it comes close for the prices.
Great pricing on things i need, friendly employees, deli for lunch, wifi &  wf bank if needed.
I found the most delicious bakery cookies made with cranberries.
Friendly and wonderful service...food was delicious!
Love their ethnic and hispanic foods selection as well as their prices.
Great selection of healthy food options!
I buy all my fruit, vegetables, vitamins, meat, cheese here and the food is of great quality.
Produce, meat, deli-related items and anything alcoholic are now much more plentiful at the new smart & final extra store.
Five stars due to service, presentation, and food quality!
Okay - this place is not a whole foods or giant eagle market place.
You will not find organic or specialty food.
It also has a food court with i think, italian, mongolian bbq, sandwiches and perhaps more, i am not sure.
Service is alright, but i just care about the food at places like these.
Everyone is so nice and helpful at the deli counter, and the ordering manager, billy, is very knowledgeable and helpful.
The toum (the white garlic spread) is delicious here.
Yes, the kinda cafeteria atmosphere is different but the food made up for it.
Food is very good with good choices.
I've visited paymon's twice in the last week, and i must say, the food is very tasty!
The restaurant is very nicely designed, and they've got the food down pat!
Only complaint was it felt awfully warm in there, but maybe that was from all the yummy food being prepared.
Their deli, salad bar, soups and other pre-made items are delicious.
In my search for mexican ingredients i found this awesome mexican grocery store + bakery and deli.
Found all that i was looking for plus a few more delicious things  including dinner!
I know, i know it's not a restaurant with a fancy margaritas but based upon the food it could be.
Reasonable prices and good food.
You take a ticket for the meat, deli, etc.
Popped in recently while waiting for our table at true food.
Either way, we will return to try out more wines and maybe some charcuterie (it looked delicious!
The food was amazing... as if my grandma was in the back kitchen herself making the grape leaves from scratch!
Two separate and delicious family owned italian grocery stores and countless amazing restaurants.
It's that perfect delicious comfort food that these up coming autumn days.
Great food, great service and the prices are very reasonable.
Whole foods is my food security blanket.
Anyway cleanliness and selection and good lighting are important components of the pittsburgh whole foods equation.
Tortilla selection, meat deli, pan (bread) selection and everything in between is spot on.
Love this spot, usually hit up the one next to fruition boutique (maryland/flamingo) more.
Great variety of baked goods, meats, sauces, fresh vegetables, candy and pastry shops, and ethnic cuisines.
Much of the seafood is previously frozen because it's out of season or exorbitantly expensive when fresh.
Salad bar and hot foods are good and seam fresh.
The stores are always clean, always full stocked, always full of helpful people, and always has the best food.
My favorite whole foods market in the valley.
Amazing meat and seafood already, and now carrying grass-fed/no antibiotic etc meat and poultry.
Everything was wonderful, food, service, cleanliness and decor!
Great food, excellent hookah!
We were able to purchase many items to cook vietnamese food and the groceries, especially the veggies were cheap.
Love the atmosphere and the food!
Food court to the left as well as a bakery.
Good deals on veggies and fruits too !
Almost a must-go-to-place for groceries now :d   food court started cleaning up around 8pm (even though market closes at 11)
I'm never dissappointed with their food regardless of what i order.
It's inexpensive, clean, bright, and delicious.
You can buy a beer at the market and drink it along with the food you order which is cool.
Better tasting fruit and veggies than you'll find at a chain grocery store.
I don't know what haji-baba means, but based upon our experiences here, i'm going to assume it means great food.
No need to be worried if you ordered the right dish as everything is delicious.
When they have the jackfruit burger available, that's my husband's go-to.
Absolutely love their food!
This place was so good & i was really impressed with the quality of the food.
I can't wait to return here for mediterranean food!
The food never disappoints (we always get kabobs) and our personal favorite is the athens fries for an appetizer.
Yes whole foods is pricey, we know that already, but sometimes it's worth paying more for better quality.
I haven't tried the other prepared food but will be back soon for that.
Very fresh produce fruits and veggies, so high quality is always a win.
I had a chicken gyro which was awesome, and their athens fries which are delicious.
Def the best mediterranian food i have had in forever!
I absolutely love the food at this location .
Each mini restaurant provides amazing quality food i haven't found that other restaurant only places can match.
Keep up the good work wholefoods and your team!
This place has excellent korean food.
The seafood pancakes and bibimbop are also pretty good.
Voted number one food market in the world?!
I went inside the farmer's market building first and then the food market where i ventured.
We were served by ashley who was amazing and went over the menu with us and recommended some delicious dishes.
The food was so delicious and so was the "go go" drink.
Okay first off i am not a huge fan of breakfast foods in general.
Next the menu was full of options and i was told by my champions that all the food was good.
It was a lot of food but boy was it tasty.
(another reason why i probably couldn't finish my food.)
Boy everything was a delight.
If you really like breakfast foods you may fall in love with the place.
If you are like me and you would pass on breakfast foods you will not be disappointed eating here.
And of course, my top reason why i eat korean food..the side dishes...never disappoint!
Deli meat fresh and descent prices!
Most important, the fruits are fresh.
Delightful hole in the wall.
Prices are so low and the food is so so so so so so good.
Delicious fresh naan and desserts make a relatively small order feel very fulfilling.
Whole foods, should be called fantastic for your whole health foods!
The seafood was excellent!
We shopped until our stomachs overruled our shopping list and got some great food.
Whole foods has all the flavors.
The service is great and the food is delicious.
My wife loves japanese food, and this place very recently expanded.
They have a great selection of fresh, frozen, and packaged foods.
Food is great, portions plenty, salads amazing.
Free food and performances galore!
Always go to whole foods but never bought their food to eat by the pound.
It wasn't that bad, paid about $8 plus tax for each box of food.
But if your in a hurry and need a grab and go food.
The food was very good.
Generally, anything deep fried is going to be a definite hit (and who can turn down deep fried seafood).
Rated the world's #1 food market by nat geo, st. lawrence market was the first stop in our tourist trip.
Anyways, the peameal sandwich was pretty delicious.
Who the heck grades a mexican food place based on a side salad?
Come down off of your high horse and enjoy some good food.
The food is so good and the service is great too.
Best breakfast food in southern highlands.
Will absolutely be coming back for all my future korean food needs!
There's no mexican food any better in my opinion (including all those 'bertos places) on this side of the border.
Huge portions, great prices and there's so much other things there to compliment the food.
Other then the food, there's a grocery store in there as well as some other stuff you can buy.
I've been here dozens of times with friends and the food never disappoints!
The hostesses, food runners, and servers are all very friendly and on top of everything.
The food is amazing.
Ive had the 3 little pigs bagel sandwich that was delicious, it had plenty of ham and bacon.
It is delicious and at 3.29 the first time i came here i bought two thinking they'd be small.
The service and food  have never been anything but amazing!
Love the food, and the freezer to grab meals to go.
Whole foods is a great place to eat at.
Not counting the hot food bar (which i think is a little pricey), the different food stations are awesome.
It's like a mall food court, but with high quality food/ingredients.
Also if you are a beer fan, there are about 100 different beers to drink with your food.
The moment you step inside and smell the food, you know you came to the right place.
Very nice people and great food.
So glad i yelped persian food.
But hands down my favorite part is the hot food and bakery section.
Everything i've tried has been so delicious and authentic.
Our new "going home" breakfast place:) food was a+, service was a+, very pleased!
The honey garlic ones are delicious and i've also tried some of their lamb ones.
Grainfields - delicious baked goods, many gluten-free cakes, cookies and bread.
The south market is awesome too, but it is mostly meat, seafood and specialty items there.
Not as much produce, although there are a few fruit & veg vendors there too.
Love that i can get a basket full of fresh fruit and vegetables under $40.00.
Finally found a ny style deli in this city that works!
Incredible selection, atmosphere, and the foods are incredible!!!
The whole foods of chinatown!
Amazing food at great prices.
So i mean if you can get it, great, otherwise go to food basics.
The orange juice is fresh squeezed and tastes like you're drinking it straight from the fruit.
They have the best food and i enjoy the nice vibe.
The kabobs are delicious also...the fries are next level.
(also..the red hot sauce, and the greek dressing is delicious..and is for sale in the restaurant...
I think they would be more respected if they didn't offer  italian food... keep it "mediterranean..." just my opinion.
Also... they have delicious iced tea.. their "adult beverages" are pricy, and again...the hookah lounge... well, its pretty fab.
Their food is great,  and you can't beat the price.
So thankful for three sprouts locations within a lot shorter driving radius than whole foods!
We decided to pay a visit based on reviews and it was delicious.
Plus, the food was really delicious.
I had a wrap with corn beef and it was delicious.
So far best deli in charlotte.
Good prices and good food!
You must try the cinnamon pot of bread...delicious.
The food is excellent i come here with my friends frequently.
The prices of frozen food items, fruit, vegetables, and protein (chicken, seafood, beef, etc.)
It reminds me of whole foods.
Nothing but great fun, delicious food, yummy specialty drinks and awesome hookah here!!!
The frozen food section has nothing vegan in it.
This is a large grocery store with an equally large variety of grocery and cooked food items.
I found dragon fruit on sale (fresh, firm) for $2.99/lb.
Great food shorty's is a great place for lunch.
Other than the deli/meat sections, its a typical small convenience store with higher than needed prices.
Go there for the meats and deli items, buy your other items elsewhere.
This place is by far my go to for both produce and meat products including poultry and seafood.
Gotta love costco and their great prices and foods.
Food at the food court tastes amazing as always and is super greasy.
My favorite food is korean and i know it can be difficult to find decent korean food in some cities.
The quality of the food has been excellent each time.
I usually order the samgyeopsal (pork), it's served as "spicy pork with vegetables".
The restaurant is tucked in the back of their korean food shop.
Besides that, they do a great job at cutting meat and the deli is awesome!
They have a good meat, fish, and deli section.
Drive up is also available as is online ordering and delivery.
I had the opportunity to have the prepared foods and i was not disappointed.
It's to the side of a grocery store, so don't go there for the ambiance - go for the food!!
Banda music blaring, lots of hispanic touches...bakery, deli counter, prepared foods, etc.
There are some pretty exquisite things there, like cactus pears, dragon fruit, and papaya as big as my head.
One day i'll get brave and scout the deli and bakery areas.
Locally grown,  preservative free food is what nature intended.
You take a right and you get to all the hot foods, sandwiches, ice cream, cookies, tea, produce, and more.
Absolutely everything was incredible - the flavors were on a whole other level of delicious!
Good food but am confused why only sell hot food until 2pm.
Lol  food: 1000 stars!!
If you went to ihop you would have paid more and got crappy food.
It was just delicious.
It was delicious also!
Everything is fresh and the food is just fantastic.
Jim alesci's place is an amazing italian deli.
You walk in and immediately you know you are going to get some great food.
Fresh seafood, good looking produce, and just a clean happy atmosphere in which to shop.
The food does not disappoint.
The patty melt and fries with the added rosemary on the fries were delicious.
Yummy authentic korean food and experience.
The food was good, not blow my mind great, but good.
And decent food as well, with out a doubt worth trying for yourself.
Their prices are very reasonable and the food is tasty and filling.
Foodwise, i had their smoked salmon bagel and it was exactly what i wanted.
The food is good though.
It's supposed to be a seafood noodle, i've always had jang bong with shrimp in it.
Place was a tad smelly-but their seafood seems pretty dang fresh!
If you want produce, they got fresh fruits and veggies...
One waitress managed all the tables bring out water, food as well as cleaning up tables.
Definitely, authentic korean food being served here folks.
I stray to the hot deli and get chicken to go with my fresh salad occasionally.
This place is fun, the restaurant has been around for years and the quality of food is still solid.
Convenient to this side of vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous albertson's, less expensive than whole foods.
I love whole foods.
However, it is fairly pricey which is expected since they have mostly organic foods.
Since i make my kids food, i like to make sure the meat is hormone free, etc.
Also, this whole foods has an awesome cookie/bread/desserts selection.
It is always softly baked and delicious.
The check out part can be a bit slow, but other than that i am a fan of whole foods.
It is pretty delicious.
I could not believe how delicious my sandwich was!
The prepared foods are eyes rolled back , heartracingly good.
I've been to a many different whole foods, this one is a little small, but nice.
Good food and good friendly service!
New to their food?
The food: best gyros, shewarma, hummus.
Definitely as good as the food.
More than one ukrainian places with delicious pirogies.
This has to be one of the best spots in arizona to get some middle eastern food.
Love this place; awesome friendly staff, and food is delish.
I love this whole foods.
They have the dang coconut chips, fresh passion fruit, muscat grapes (had for the first time - delicious!).
In an area where there is more industrial business & fast food...
Perfect chill atmosphere, amazing wine menu and delicious bruschetta.
I always notice how well organized and neat the food products on the shelves are.
Food in their deli is pretty good!
Food is still delicious and the chicken and waffles are always a winner.
Loads of organic-y goods and also regular type foodstuffs (i enjoy their kettle chip selection).
The prices are good, the selection is better and the food is great!
The portion size was pretty big, so i left quite full, and it was all delicous!
The food store inside only accepts cash and the pizza is pretty good, but the sundaes are yummy and huge!
The most authentic middle eastern food i've had in ages, aside from my mom's cooking that is.
My husband and i come every weekend :) good food, great servers, great atmosphere!
He makes delicious sprouts in tons of varieties.
The remodeling is amazing.
Total cost for the lemonade, food, tax and tip came to $22.
Great food, great staff, reasonable prices, in a relaxed casual neighborhood setup.
If you're not a "foodie" (groupie moron) and you want a good taco, come to la plaza.
Looking forward to my next shopping trip this week at this deli.
My visits were always pleased and got fresh delicious hungarian food from here.
The food is pretty good and customer service is amazing !
Always fresh great fruits, meats, veggies, coffee, food!
The biggest downfall in my eyes is there's no deli department or cold or frozen food.
In hawaii, all greek and mediterranean food is pretty standard and nothing mind-blowing.
Wide range of breads and pastries - all very very fresh and delicious.
Definitely give this place a try, even if you're not a fan of middle eastern food.
The produce is superb: a full selection of fruits and veggies just ready for you to take home.
Not only was the food amazing at each visit.
Really though it only like $10 and it's enough food for two meals.
Quite simply, pepero serves up the most authentic korean food in/near charlotte.
This place was such a delight, from the decor, food, and the service.
The bread pot was delicious.
Really enjoyed the food which was high quality.
Produce is always fresh and never goes bad prematurely like produce from whole foods or costco often do.
Fruits and veggies are very fresh.
Bomb marinated meat and pre made salsas and other dishes :) wednesdays they have good proces on healthy food.
Wonderful place with amazing food.
You can come here for a little food crawl and be completely satisfied with the down-home fare.
The prices across categories are lower than foody, t&t banners of grocers.
The produce, fruit, frozen sections have good selections.
The prices of the ready to eat/cooked food section are outstanding.
The food is quite oily, which is not unexpected.
Last but not least, i find it fun to shop at the food court.
Best mediterranean food in town.
The food is great too.
It's definitely a food adventure here!
The food here is reasonably priced and well seasoned.
Some of the food items include: kebabs, hummus, gyros, calamari, lamb, baklava etc.
Delicious healthy food, nice staff now and good selection of items.
I didn't buy anything but i loved looking at, and taking pictures of all the food!
I especially loved all the prepared foods and the fresh pasta.
The seafood place right across the aisle had shrimp bigger than my hand.
They were pretty delicious.
The deli department should really look into having their fans serviced and cleaned and change the fryer oil more frequently.
I ordered the gyro platter for dinner and thought it was delicious.
It was delicious and very unique.
Simply the best middle eastern food around.
The cinnamon pot bread was moist, warm and just delicious.
The service is typically great, the selection of health foods fantastic, and we'll be back!
Always fresh, always delicious.
I love the place, nice wine bar concept, amazing service, fancy wine glasses but i expected more from the food.
The best part is that they serve food from the restaurant side.
It pairs nicely with a fruity hookah too.
It was also delicious.
Ken's has a great meat case and i stop by periodically for deli sandwiches.
It is both, but the food is top notch.
Come for the food you will not be disappointed.
However, when you do get your food, it is wow with fresh ingredients and their bread in a cup yummy!
Food, food, and more food!
There are so many great options here - everything from seafood to cupcakes to olive oil.
I settled with a delicious cupcake, naturally.
Great food, staff is unbelievably nice.
Drinks and food specials are stupid good and they don't cut portions down.
The jackfruit poutine is not to be missed.
If you're not vegan, it is an excellent, eye-opening intro to just how yummy vegan food can be!
Fresh koobideh is one of the best foods out there.
I really enjoy coming here for their chicken shawarma plate and it's more than enough food!
The hookah was great and the food was amazing.
Walking around the first floor your greeted by the amazing smells from the bakeries and food stands.
Awesome place whether you're a wine lover, craft beer aficionado or just looking for some tasty food.
All were delicious and left me wanting more.
The food is always good and consistent.
They always have bottles of sriracha hot sauce on tap and goes well with the food.
Other than pricing, we loved the food and would come back in a hearbeat!
But the food is really good.
Great food selection at awesome prices!!
I love rise & shine -- delicious food, fast service, and quick turnaround time.
As for the food, after trying it on that fateful easter sunday, we promptly returned the following week.
Lastly, the orange juice is delicious.
The staff knows how to hustle plus breakfast is gloriously indulgent, unique, and delicious.
I love a place with good atmosphere and good food!
Another plus is the variety of food options of almost any ethnic background.
Food selection is good!
Service is good, i recomend the seafood soup!!!
And it smells a little, but that should not matter cause they sell seafood there.
It is fun to browse through this store and see all of the different foods.
I am always happy with my food.
Never disappointed with the food here!
Awesome food quality, quick service, and all our dishes tasted exceptionally well.
The service was fast and the food was amazing!
Very authentic and would highly recommend to anyone who wants something delicious!
This was my first place to experience middle eastern food and it is still my favorite after over 20 years!
I love the food, the people and the prices.
Food is great along with the service.
A cute, locally owned brunch and lunch establishment that serves good food.
We got our orders and food quick.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian this place just has really good thai vegan/vegetarian food.
A little pricy but maybe that's what it costs for vegan food?
A charming place with so much character and great authentic mexican food and market items.
Given the large sizes of all the food items i'm basically stuck to purchasing non-perishables... and probably steak.
Food is all fresh, cheap, filling and delicious.
The building also doubles as a middle eastern deli/bakery/small grocery store.
They have a better cheese selection than the tiny whole foods one, too.
They also have a beautiful display near the front of the produce area showcasing veggies and fruits from local farms.
There is a huge selection of prepared foods and even an espresso bar.
The food was amazing and service was great.
The food is authentic and very affordable.
Both were very delicious!
The food alone was 5 stars.
This place had an amazing food.
The only downside, you will smell like mexican food the rest of the day after you leave here.
Food basics, basically it has food.
I love basic food, so i love food basics.
If i'm going out to lunch i want somebody else to make my food - not me."
The food isn't like, remarkable, but it's good, and a step above most cafeteria style food.
The food was mouth-watering and i'm definitely coming back next time i get the chance, and the money for it.
Great food, excellent service.
Great selection, delicious food- i would shop/eat here everyday if it wasn't so damn expensive!
I love mexican food and this is some of the best mexican food i've had anywhere.
For a corner store with a deli, this place is pretty good.
The meat was seasoned well and the vegetables had that perfect crunch one looks for in a sandwich.
Also the selection that this smiths offers is great from a huge bakery, alcohol, and even full deli.
A wide selection of food and everything is cooked to order.
Ordered delivery for lunch yesterday as i was in this part of town on business.
The service, food and cleanliness of this place is second to none always.
Delivery is on time and restaurant quality always!
It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.
Try one of their delicious pinwheels, or my favorite--burgundy and black pepper steak.
Service.. wine selections.. cheese plates.. (tasted some food but i was with friends who ordered gluten free.
It is a food lover's paradise.
I loathe going to the suburbs even for a hookup, but i would go that far this food.
Love the experience and the food.
Great food and service, check it out
If you love korean food, come here for your grocery needs.
We bought the hot sausage and it was delicious!
I don't mess around with the deli or bakery here.
They have great deals on fruits and vegetables.
Produce, meat, bakery, ethnic fast food section, and lot more.
The skinny: great proteins, skip the deli area, watch for the coupons and their 3-day sales friday-sundays.
Over the last 3 months, i've become a whole foods convert.
Hence, switching over from regular grocery stores to whole foods.
It's non-gmo/vegetarian feed chicken and it tastes delicious.
The nice thing about whole foods is the labeling of the aisles.
Everywhere is very clean looking, staff is friendly, ample parking, and great selection of healthy foods!
Not fancy or a date night pace unless he/she is into food and not decor.
The best middle eastern food i have eaten in phoenix.
The service is very prompt and the food comes out quickly.
The butcher block has been our go to place for great meats and seafood for several years.
I love the food here!!
If you like greek food, this place is worth checking out!
It was a huge plate of food and he said it was great.
The chicken was cooked just right and the flavors from the tahini and herbs were delicious.
I'll be back for the food and hopefully some nicer weather!
I usually shop at whole foods, trader joes, or smiths (conveniently 2 blocks from my house).
The area was prepared in advance, the food was brought promptly, and glass...after glass...after glass...was delivered with a big smile.
I know, winos don't use the word, "deliciousness," but who cares?
Still, it's good food and very reasonably priced.
It proved to be too much food for me but all of it was yummy so i didn't mind.
The best middle eastern food in the phoenix metro area.
Overall a great experience, great meal and quality food.
Highly recommend it if you are looking for middle eastern food.
Absolutely loved the atmosphere, the service was spot on and the food was delicious!
As you walk inside, you are greeted to a large prepared foods case.
With hot foods such as italian sausage, pizza,lasagna, and raviolli.
Or cold foods such as eggplant rollups, stuffed cabbage, homemade potato salad or macaroni salad.
Great veggie and fruit selection.
Great prepared food section!
For great mediterranean food and some great hookah in a super chill hookah lounge there is no place better.
If someone wants hookah or greek food, i am going to always bring them here until i find someplace better.
I like whole foods.
At first i was a bit sceptical about whole foods w/ its apt nickname "whole paycheck."
I would love it if whole foods sold non-frozen ezekiel's bread.
Things i always buy at whole foods and no where else, bec.
It's slightly cheaper than the allegro coffee at whole foods.
Very tasty mediterranean/indian food & super friendly service.
Amazing new set up reminds me of whole foods.
Beer while shopping cheese counter and tons or hot food stations.
Food was very good, big portions and finally real hash browns that taste good!
This location has the nicest staff i have ever experienced when dealing with a whole foods.
Fun and good food!!!!
Love getting a variety of the mediterranean delights!!!
Fruits i get usually 99 cents to $1.59 a pound.
They've got a decent hotpot section, though i'm kind of wary of all the frozen seafood imported from china.
They often have food samples available, and if you're looking for a snack there's a tianjin crepes vendor just outside.
The galbi was expensive ($17.99 for a serving for one) but was delicious!
The soft tofu soup was good, the only downfall was that there was seafood in it.
Don't get me wrong, i love seafood but it gave the soup a very gamy taste.
Food is a little expensive but good quality.
I recommend pepero's to anyone wanting to try korean food!
There was a ton of food, talk about value!
A no frills, here for the food, leave with a belly ache because you ate so much land of goodness!
Except one lady that floats between the food preparation areas.
They have a few items available for food on happy hour too; 4 types of bruschetta and a hummus board.
Crispy, slightly crumbling, slightly moist, great for some delicious hummus dipping.
Very good authentic korean food, but i particularly love the spicy bulgogi.
All their fruit and veggies always entice.
I bought a few provisions then headed to the bakery and deli.
Let me tell you something, it was delicious!
I would also recommend eating at the cafe there, good food, very inexpensive!
Order your food at the counter then check out the mexican groceries that you can buy.
Once your food comes out get ready to enjoy some of the best tasting mexican in a while.
This place isn't about the experience its about the food.
Btw, the fried chicken and rotisserie chicken- both delicious and a great value.
Delicious and the croissant just like my favourite bakery rue st-sulpice.
Their food is amazing!
The first day we got the fruit plate, coffee, 2 cup of breads, and the salmon omelette with egg whites.
The food was great and the cup-of-breads are to die for!
Super fresh fruit for super low prices!
There food is good, service is excellent- price is average.
Koreans and korean food lovers rejoice!
My 5-star is mainly for the food and value, and frankly there's not many korean choices in charlotte.
I like most of the items i purchase from aldi, their prices are reasonable and the food is usually good.
I keep coming back for the fresh fruits and veggies!
I don't need your constant reminders to leave a good review, just quality service and great food.
That said,  we received quality service and great food.
The food was matched with great service from the time we signed in to paying the bill.
Us shirts, it's tacky and unnecessary given the quality food and service you have.
Whole foods is a great addition to wexford.
The steaks were absolutely delicious, they cooked beautifully.
It's always so nice to walk into a place where there's good food and friendly service.
The food was delicious!
I am basically in a food coma while writing this review.
I'll be back again to try more food out.
I've only had greek food once before this and i like it.
Hummus on the table was delicious.
Service was good as was the food, will definitely stop again if given the chance
Their fresh seafood and fish are also reasonably prices and they carry sustainably-cultivated fish and seafood (i.e shrimp).
I'm definitely buying my seafood here from now on.
The person behind the seafood counter let me taste the prepared poke and it was pretty good.
It's a small place attached to a store where you can buy middle eastern foods too.
It's not much to look at from the outside, but don't let that fool you, the food was delicious!
The first floor has several food stalls, including sushi, greek, and italian.
The wine dispensary card is worth it, although the selection for those who enjoy light, fruity whites is limited.
Phenomenal servers dressed in pajamas; awesome french pressed coffee and the food exceeded expectations.
This store has a great variety of food and goods.
If you want to have something different than fast food than this is the store to go to.
Asian condiments and noodles - several brands of pancit canton (which are so easy and delicious to prepare at home).
Fruit/vegetable area has improved.
Solid deals on some great veggies and fruit.
Great food and amazing atmosphere, hookahs are perfect.
Food - great (just had different bruschetta but soooo good)  wine - great ambiance and service - super!!
We enjoyed the food.
Had the jackfruit pulled pork and the pad thai.
When the food came out, we were very impressed with the presentation as well as quality and taste!
Overall great food, great staff, and great atmosphere!
I also bought delicious ice brand sparkling water for my friends.
I'll put their sandwiches up against any fast-food franchise (ok, not setting the bar too high there).
Very nice and open and very clean, the food is great with selections.
So to summarize: authentic, affordable and delicious mexican food.
Fruits and veggies are fresh!!
I'd rather pay premium prices to get fresh and crisp fruits and veg.
Food is well prepared and very flavorful.
The food here is very authentic korean food.
I ordered doi sot bi bin bob #2, yaki mandoo, and seafood pancake.
Seafood pancake tasted yummy and was packed with seafood.
We went to this whole foods yesterday for the first time.
This was also my first time shopping for aip ( auto-immune protocol) foods as i was just diagnosed with hashimotos.
The food was incredibly reasonably priced, especially that we got all organic fruits and vegetables.
Great food, terrific service and attention to detail.
Awesome food, especially the gyro s, and chicken sharma.
I have been coming here with family for the last 15 years, same quality of food still.
One of our favorite places to go for middle eastern food.
My only regret about arirang oriental food store is that it's not closer to home.
Got dried nuts, various candies, and even rose turkish delights!
Casual based dining and korean comfort food to satisfy your craving.
This is a great place to show for authentic mexican food.
Fresh salsa and chips  we love getting the taco 's freshly made and all the fixings at the food deli.
Come here often for bread & persian food!
Delicious fesenjoon & kebabs too
This review is based solely on the market, since i haven't actually ordered food here.
Trust me avoid all offers of carb delights and only order the pot of bread.
Some of the best mediterranean food i've had in a long time!
I like the boar's head deli selection.
At busy times the deli counter seems like a bit of a cluster.
Usually the deli or bakery offers samples of a fresh bread or side.
Such a lively market with beautiful fruits, veggies, meats, cheeses, fish, bread, pasta, dessert, everything!
Every cut, every preparation of meat i've purchased has been delicious.
Beyond the meat counter, you will find so many wonderful delights and treats.
Love it here, great food and great service...fresh squeezed orange juice is fresh not from a bottle
This place though maintains it's charm while delivering a satisfying meal.
I got the chicken & waffles and it was delicious.
They have such a wide variety of foods, that i love to keep stocked in my freezer every week!
It's nothing fancy but the food is on point.
My husband got the pulled "pork" sand which (made with jackfruit).
Did you not read the part about delicious gyro meat and huge chunks of feta cheese?
Food is consistently good, friendly service, but a bit on the pricey side.
It was just like bread pudding...light, fluffy and extremely delicious.
This is a really good super market because they have good food and lots of food to choose from.
When i came here for the first time we got lots of new food that we never tried before.
Not sure if the food here could get any better.
Anyways, the food was delicious and for the price you can't beat it.
The deli counter is as well fantastic, get some meats and cheeses and have a banging sandwich.
Super-cute place and great food!
I love this place only for three things and they are, produce, meat, and their food bar.
I wish that they delivered water too.
Two floors of food, including fruits, meats, seafood, bagels, wines, and so on.
So delicious, i ate there for the first time today!
They offer a great variety of gluten free/vegan combo options along with tons of fresh and fruits and veggies.
Stopped for burgers and beer at the smokehouse in whole foods.
Plus, i go here for cat food and cat litter.
The fresh fruit and vegetables almost greet you at the front entrance.
Prices are excellent  you can get really good deals with older fruits.
They have some fruits that grocery stores don't have.
The food was really good.
Other than that, food is really great.
Best place i know in the area for your south of the border food items.
Some of the best middle eastern food i have had.
The layout is great and the organics selection is what you expect from a whole foods grocery store.
This is the best place to eat middle eastern food in arizona!!!
Not just service otherwise the food!
I really do enjoy the food here all the ingredients tastes very fresh and it's never that busy.
I ordered the seafood & tofu soup.
Plenty of big chunks of tofu and seafood.
Inside they have a variety of fresh and unique produce (think various cactus, fruits, etc.).
We also had tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was awesome too, delicious broth and packed with shrimp.
Located within a grocery store, i'll admit, i had my doubts about the quality of food.
Favourite to-go for place for mediterranean food.
The farmers market during weekends has amazing prices in fresh vegetables and fruits.
They offer more than a cart could ever hold and offer food samples that would replace a meal!
They have a great food bar near the exit, how convenient.
You can also order food from their market.
I love coming here with a group of friends for some hookah, drinks and occasional food.
The food itself is really good!!!
The food takes quite a long time to get to you, especially when the place is packed.
Upstairs you'll find all sorts of meats, delis, mustard shops, ect.
Downstairs you'll find awesome food kiosks.
I tend to get the iced tea to wash my grub down and it's fresh brewed and delicious.
Oh and the food is pretty damn good too!
The ciabatta it's served in is super soft and delicious.
No wonder it was named the world's best food market by national geographic in april 2012.
St lawrence is a foodie's paradise.
The shops mostly sell food, but you can find businesses that sell other things as well like souvenirs and clothes.
Best whole foods i've been to!
It would be safe to say i love whole foods.
All they need now is a delivery service for their food and i'm in heaven :)!
Great fresh fruit, amazing coffees and juice bar.
The variety at whole foods is something you can always count on.
That food in those other stores are not good for you!
Go and look at whole foods meats compared to a lower end stores meat case shop?
Food looks good and clean.
Great middle eastern food at a great price.
This is where other restaurants get the food they serve you so why not come to the source.
The focus, as always, is great food, great drinks, and great vibes.
You'll find a tiny foodie paradise filled with delicious charlene creations, locally-sourced veggies, cheeses, oils, and meats.
Baratin-bodega-az wine merchants - one-stop for all of your local, foodie-loving needs.
Great grocery store and even better food.
If you're looking for authentic tacos and mexican food, this is your spot.
Delicious grab and go sandwiches, good prices.
03/05/10  on my way to whole foods, i called to find out what the daily specials were.
I really do love this whole foods location, but for this meal, just two-stars :(
All were cooked to mid-rare  prime porterhouse - absolutely delicious.
The filet - delicious as well, very very tender.
What can i say, i love whole foods or whole paycheck as some call it.
It's a food lovers paradise, filled with good eats everywhere you turn.
Fresh veggies, fruits, cheeses, meats, snacks, pastries, baked goods, seafood, candy, souvenirs, gifts for loved ones, freshly squeezed juice, etc.
Outside the market, there are tents selling fresh fruit/veggies and another smaller building selling pickled items, veggies, meat pies, etc.
Amazing wine, delicious bruschetta and friendly staff!
Okay well not to hang out but at least you get all of my food.
That's something that i like about exploring new food markets and picking things off the shelf to try.
Great customer service, cut the meat to your specifications, good information, clean, good prices and delicious meat.
Such a cool deli and in a wonderful location!
They have a great and healthy selection of cold salads, regular deli items and wine and beer.
We picked up cold sesame noodle salad and lentil salad which was delicious!
Consistently good food each visit and by far the best selection of middle eastern and indian based food/teas/coffees/spices and paraphernalia.
With the buying power of whole foods, prices should be lower than anyone else.
Fantastic food, servers in pajamas and cute decor.
She would pick up fresh food for a day or two.
If you find the prices higher here it's because the food is actually healthy.
And their hot and cold pre-made foods are actually excellent!
Delicious and super healthy.
No wonky chemicals or antibiotics or hormones or gmos in the food!
Excellent for meat, and other delicious things.
He was super friendly and suggested various vegetables for me to try out.
If shopping late at night this is the place to be for they're markets down deli section.
Anyone familiar with indian food will most likely have tried lassi at one point of another.... this is not lassi.
The hummus is good and the kalamatas are always a delicious treat.
The ambiance of the place was fun with the waitresses serving food with their pajamas on.
I am not that familiar with greek food but this place certainly gave me a great experience!
My first visit here was a success and i would definitely consider coming back here next time i needed seafood.
Authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap.
I've bought some deli meats, tortillas, and fruits here too.
If you ever want authentic korean food come here!
You can ask as many questions as you want if you dont know ab korean food!
The ipa mustard was so delicious and you shouldn't leave without some lemon chevalier.
Hands down, it is the best middle eastern food around and the prices can't be beat.
We moved to utah about 10 years ago and searched for food that was as tasty as it is here.
It continues to be delicious.
Great food, good portion sizes, great prices.
This place has a great variety of persian groceries and food.
So yummy, and definitely amazing hangover food!
Why do i shop at whole foods market?
We really like this place and are super impressed with the service and have always had good food!
Their prepared foods are tasty, too.
The meatballs with cheese, the gyro meat, and the chocolate lava cake are the prepared foods i have tried.
The obvious standout here is the seafood counter.
The entire store is impeccably clean but the seafood counter is immaculate.
They carry a large variety of seafood and all of it appeared quite fresh.
They now have an in store deli!
Delicious & very affordable.
We needed some food, so we ordered their marinated olives.
Rich, savory, salty and delicious.
It was more than enough food, and with tax and tip it was roughly $60.
Baratin allows for the same quality of food but it's more accessible than the white table clothed fnb.
And to the right, there's bodega, which is a local foodie's paradise; sourcing fresh produce and locally made goods.
Great market and deli.
The vegetables are always super fresh and there is always a helpful employee to answer questions.
The salad dressing was delicious and their baklava was really a treat.
I ordered side of fruit and was unimpressed with size, miniature portion, so i got unimpressive hashbrowns.
When it comes to mediterranean food, snacks and desserts, adonis is the go to place.
They have a sit down place for meals too just like at whole foods!
Generous portion of marinated grilled chicken, hummus, delish rice and a heap of tabouleh.
The food was great, fresh, hot and delicious.
The food is really good.
Some of the notable things i've had here include:   - chicken fried steak (thick and delicious gravy.
I wouldn't say the food is omg, but its solid.
The décor is cheerful, the service is absolutely wonderful, and the food is very, very good.
Also try the flaming saganaki, it's delicious (though it's weird my browser/yelp thinks saganaki is a misspelling)
Clean, good food and great coffee.
I have been a few times and the space is nice, the pj's are cute and the food is good.
On another note the white chocolate coffee is delicious!
I've never tasted all the fresh food they sell, like the japanese station or the calzones, etc.
The vegetables are fresh  and the best thing they are cheaper then the other groscery stores.
I'm arab and i can say this place has some pretty good authentic arabic food.
I've been very satisfied with the pharmacy, bakery, and deli.
Their mild italian sausage is terrific, chickens juicy and delicious and their ribs are so meaty that even i'm intimidated.
They have a huge selection of other frozen food in the section that i won't get into at this point.
Separating groceries cold, frozen, canned, pet foods, etc.
The sandwiches (schawarma, falafel, chicken, beef) are delicious and ridiculously cheap.
I haven't purchased any but oh my do they smell delicious!
If you're a fan of tex mex, mex, south american, and hispanic foods, you'll feel nicely at home here.
So many times w come here and the food is great.
The meat and prepared food section is quite good though quite expensive.
Despite what many may think or say, i love whole foods!
I try to be health and environment conscious and whole foods fits right in with my philosophy.
It carries good, "whole" foods in addition to many ethnic cuisines and ethnic dishes.
Their hot food section is wonderful, and i usually wind up getting a full box of it to go.
I will never stop attending whole foods.
But, overall, whole foods is by far my favorite market.
Also you have to get a pot of bread, delish!
Clean,  convenient, great healthy and fresh foods and produce.
The chicken is so light and crispy.. it's like nothing i've ever eaten..so yummy..and a lot of food!
The food here rocks.
I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.
The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft, sweet and delicious - with perfect texture.
They have a pretty extensive seafood and meat counter with a butcher.
The food was so danm good, i ate here twice in one day.
F*ck fast food from here on out.
On to the food....
Huge selection of very high quality prepared foods.
The prepared foods get discounted by 50% at ~7pm ish everyday if its expiry date is the following day.
They know there is no point selling the same stuff as loblaws or foodbasics, and they don't.
Even their packaged food aisles are mostly filled with unique items not found in big supermarkets.
I've compared their food to other middle eastern restaurants in nm & ca.
Good fresh food provided.
The staff is wicked nice and the food is amazingly tasty and fresh.
Very reasonably priced for a deli too.
It was one of the food highlights as well.
Samples of smoked meats, pretzels with mustard, cheeses, yogurt, jams and fruits.
Seafood and butcher vendors are also prevalent here.
Lower level houses canadian produced products, a bakery, fruit/juice/grains stands and fast food stalls.
Fruit market across the street is closed on sundays.
*** pet food, treats, bowls, beds.
Also, the only place i've found that sells canned cuitlacoche (a delicious corn fungus - for real!
I wish i could take this particular whole foods store home with me!
They have excellent wheat-free desserts (it's hard to come by any wheat-free desserts at the whole foods in my hometown).
Food//**** everyone seemed to enjoy their orders eggs benedict  steak & eggs eggs & pancake  and my chicken & waffles!
Il y a une grande variété de légumes et fruits à bas prix.
Fair prices, great quality food, clean store, helpful staff!
Delivered very nicely and to your door!!!
Good place to hang out n have simple good foods.
It's a little ways out of the main city/strip but definitely worth it for some good old comfort food.
Appetizers were delicious and well portioned.
I had a spinach, bacon, and cheese omelet which was delicious.
Ok, the parking at this whole foods is an absolute cluster.
I love the prepared foods and salad bar.
Some of my favorite items at this location include the fresh fruit packaged in containers.
It's super expensive, but always fresh and delicious, and i love treating myself to it, especially during the summer.
Wholefoods has fresh organic vegetables and fruit.
There is also a great selection of fresh seafood and meat.
There is also a huge food bar and deli counter.
The food bar is $2 off per pound on wednesday at the w charleston location.
The food was amazing.
And some of the best deals are the fruit!
The food is fresh, absolutely extraordinary and changes on a daily basis.
Everything is paired and prepared to perfection and delicious with every bite.
Their artichoke dip and bruschetta board is delicious.
The service is friendly and very knowledgeable about their food/wine.
Great service and even better food!
Huge, home made delicious portions.
I called whole foods etc.
Whenever i go there i always enjoy my food and drinks.
Lots of choices for fresh produce, nuts, fruit, pasta, grains, etc.
Great food, they just have communication issues.
If i need to pick up a pizza to go again, i'm heading to whole foods.
All employed are friendly and talkative and the food is delicious.
The bakery is delish!
Maybe we just fill up fast but neither of came close to finishing our food.
Great food great service!!
Ham steak is biggest in the world  delicious delicious delicious
After a hard morning of shopping, go to their little food area and get a very berry sundae.
Food was very good.
The food is awesome with a price to match.
We also got an order of the spicy pork - huge portion of delicious spicy meat.
The pickle side dishes were delicious and beautifully presented.
This is great mediterranean food.
I had a food emergency on saturday.
A food service cancel on my  order for 22 lunches i needed for a realestate workshop i was conducting.
Well i called your store an the deli manager steve came to my rescue.
It was beautiful and delicious!!!
This is the best authentic mexican food i've ever had in my life.
The place is a bit chaotic, but good value and great food.
Great atmosphere and great food.
I go to whole foods precisely once a month, on the final friday.
But i know what beer is, and whole foods has a veritable "wall o' beer" to choose from.
The staff is great, the food is good, the eclectic mix of evfn'ers is awesome.
That whole foods not just tolerates us but *welcome* us is very cool.
Service was great and the food was delicious.
They have a very strong selection of foods from around the world, not just oriental food.
I've never has anything less than excellent food, stellar service and a tremendous value.
Food and wine options were awesome.
I'm coming back for the great service, tasty food and fantastic specials.
It is really hard to find authentic homemade mexican food and this place does it perfectly.
I really like this bashas......their food court inside is wonderful & cheap.
The mini food court is still where it is at the front, albeit with less choice than before.
As i said before, the food court is still there but it's not as good as it was before.
Tasty food, good portions and great service--winner in my book!
I like this whole foods for a few reasons.
I also love to buy in season fruits from here.
Second, their seafood options are usually spot on (aside from wholey's).
Lastly, i love their market/prepared foods area.
Since when did whole foods look like a snapshot of san francisco's market place near pier 39?
They've got a juice shop, a bar, and a mini place to order some delish meals!
Although whole foods is expensive, what other place will give you ice for your recently purchased salmon?
Some of the other booths include: dried fruit, spices (i think dry rubs), soaps, and breads.
Another great store that caters to people who appreciate russian food.
Max market is quite a bit smaller than jones, but they still carry a lot of the same foods.
Their deli section is pretty respectable, and their produce prices are a lot better than chain american grocers.
Food: the food is always delicious.
The cook is very skilled and she has lots of delicious vegan dishes for you to try!
The interior and exterior are so much  more appealing than the old cub foods that was here.
Fantastic deli and quick meal selection.
Good bulk food section, wide variety of 'local' food stuff.
I think all in all even everyone at whole foods was shocked at the turnout.
Pretty good food for the modest price.
The rice and beef were really creamy and delicious but the pita and bit lacking in flavor in my opinion.
The smoked foods area was complete with lots of variety of fish.
We ate the fish when we got home and it was delicious!!!
As a side note, i've had 2 of their desserts and were delicious!
They have the most amazing selection of smoked meats, salami, deli meats, etc...
The vegetables and fruits are very reasonably priced.
This location is larger than the one on lake mead blvd and has a better selection of hot food-to-go.
Seriously guys, if you haven't been to wholefoods you have to hit this place up!
If you are handing out free food, i'm there!
The only better quality i've found is at whole foods, but you pay the price for it!
The seasoning on the fries was especially fresh & delicious last time.
I find the food in this restaurant to be some of best in this price range.
In terms of the food we went crazy tried: 1.
The food came out quickly and the steak was prepared pretty close to perfect.
The food was amazing the coffee was quite delicious and the service was excellent.
The bread was delicious and perfect even though we were stuffed, we made sure to eat it all up!
On to the bulk foods area.
Great spot for some tasty greek / mediterranean food.
Meats, cheese, pasta, pastries, groceries, readymade food, it has everything.
Very solid middle eastern food in a below average location.
At this delicious place!
Good access to cheap, delicious and authentic sonoran food.
The prepared food is spectacular, and the selection of other food is delicious.
Beautiful decor, friendly staff, good food.
The green go go drink was refreshing and delicious with a naturally light taste.
Got to love whole foods!
The thing that needs the most improvement, though,  is their salad and fresh food bar.
I couldn't try the asian-food counter since everything's laced with corn products and other allergens.
Man, such a treat after living in the mexican food wasteland of wv.
Includes a butcher, a deli of sorts, and a bakery.
Tl;dr amazing mediterranean food, with plenty of meat options that will blow your mind.
Aside from their restaurant food, my family usually buys groceries from here.
Everything we tried was delicious.
You can get vegetables, such as asparagus that are excellent as well (and i don't even like asparagus!).
Prices aren't as cheap as say, food lion, but service is many times better and the cuts are easily superior.
At the same time, there was a food battle that we had to participate in.
Great store, very friendly and helpful staff, tons of non gmo food, very clean, look for sale prices to save.
Great pizza at the food bar.
I love haji baba's quick service and delicious chicken shwerma.
No one can beat their prices and most of the food tastes great!
Atmosphere is ok but its what you would expect from traditional mexican food place.
The food is delicious!
Truly a top notch market and deli with so many local goods.
It is a great place to come and eat delicious food and people-watch.
Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish.
The food is simple but so tasty!
The food was really good too.
I love this whole foods.
Their teas, food bar, and restaurant are tasty and inexpensive.
Good food, great price, fantastic people!
Very good mediterranean and middle eastern food.
Best mexican food we've found so far.
It is mexican, pure and simple with a nod to other latin foods.
Food was good and the service was friendly and efficient.
An excellent grocery store with lovely produce, meat and deli.
The sambousek was delicious.
It's my second time here, and i think everything is delicious.
Cheapest place for name brand foods in town!
Delicate blend of spices where no one thing is overpowering; a symphonic balance of flavors that melds perfectly.
Guys behind the counter at the to-go/deli are quite opinionated and will not hesitate to steer customers toward their favorites.
In addition to great food, what made it really fantastic was our server, cary.
The service was quick and the food was delicious!
The meat looks delicious.
Delicious "crack" fries, great gyros, and other meats.
Food is priced reasonably and tasted good.
I have also seen tomatoes, oranges, potatoes, melons, avocados, chinese peapods, deli fresh large fruit bowls, pineapples etc...
The food is delicious.
I love eggs benedict and their steak and eggs benedict is delicious!
I think the seafood selection here is pretty small though.
Yes, harris teeter is more than walmart or food lion.
They always have great products including fresh sliced fruit , probiotic drinks, and packaged salads.
Calamari on hh menu is "to-die-for"  best prices, best food, best service !!
Great place to get all my fruits and veggies for juicing.
Since we came here during their soft opening, i didn't see the store's hot foods section fully stocked.
Looking at the food court section, the congee house was the first one to open.
This is an impressive big grocery store that has fresh produce and cheap foods.
Lots of different brands than whole foods carries.
It doesn't take much to make a health food/grocery store a place you want to visit.
I don't frequent whole foods often - but i do come here when shopping for flowers and pastries!
If you're a fan of barbecue- do yourself a solid and try their brisket from the hot foods.
The food: i ordered two carnitas (my favorite) and one pollo.
Our food was ready in minutes and we decided to sit in the eating area.
The food is phenomenal.
It does not matter what you get to eat, it is all delicious.
The 3-floor whole foods in california was huge, so am spoilt.
Are you looking for that amazing, authentic middle eastern food, large portions and a reasonable price?!?!
The food, flavors and authenticity are all 5 stars!
This innocuous little building in st. james town  is home to quality fruits and vegetables and savings!
Sunny green fruit and vegetable is an oasis in between with quality fruits and vegetables and reasonable prices.
You'll find most of your standard fruits and veggies here, including a decent selection of organic products.
We have ordered their deli sandwiches for our sons birthday party and they are delicious!
The food was amazing.
The food is great!!!
Best middle eastern food in tempe!
The store is large and has a nice layout and great selection of food & beverages.
The staff is great, they have a lot of great food choices and a bar with local brews!!
The cup of bread is delicious!
Authentic greek food but with a modern twist!
There are not too many places/restaurants that serve korean food in the charlotte area.
The food makes up for it in spades.
Prices are reasonable for korean food standards;  japchae was 1099 and soup was 999, and mondu 599.
They were fluffy and light and had their own sweetness to them that made them delicious plain.
Crepe was delicious, fresh and the service was good.
The food is made from very fresh ingredients and served quickly and hot.
I like their smoothies and the option of having hot foods readily available.
Amazing food- hummus, tabouli, grilled meats all very tasty.
Everything here is delicious, high quality and fresh.
I haven't seen her recently though, because hearts choices has expanded to another restaurant and a food truck!
The only issue i have with this location is the deli people.
The food is great, the shawarma plate, hummus, mixed grill, it could've been better tho.
I wanted to thank you for your service of online shopping, and delivery.
Ample salad portions, and the balsamic vinaigrette was delightful.
(otherwise, i bypass seafood.)
The food: i bought the al pastor which is marinated bbq pork.
They also offer a variety of meats and seafood which i love!
Fast and delicious tacos.
Friends recommended this spot to us for a delicious breakfast.
Very authentic korean food.
Plus the subs were delicious!
If you're looking for great authentic mexican food this is the place.
The place looks like a dump but has absolutely the best mexican food around.
Their sandwiches are delicious!
They also carry some great polish delicacies and, my favorite, polish candies!
É realmente um mercado, pra você ir "passear", fazer as compras e ir pra casa se deliciar depois.
Weekly box of organic and mostly locally grown produce delivered right to your doorstep.
Choose from several different sizes of fruits and/or veggies.
First time visit and the food was great!
Great food for a good price.
Fabulous food and service.
Not the nicest but the food is good.
Although the quality of the food here is questionable, i would definitely recommend this place for cash strapped students.
They have a wide array of various different kinds of "exotic" (to north americans/europeans of course) vegetables and fruits.
So if you grew up eating delicious mangos, and various other types of tropical plants, you should find it here.
We can now drive around the corner for good food !
The quality of the food is amazing.
Food and service were awesome.
Their food is such great quality and quantity of organics for the price you pay.
We ordered for delivery-- two subs and some mozzarella sticks and fries.
Awesome food...we usually take to go from this place and have lunch at tempe lakes..rose water lemonade,falafal awesome
Best food, best prices.
We went to the butchers market last night to get some food for a family cookout.
Cheap and fresh fruits and veggies!
They have a variety of foods here including seafood, sushi, meat, pastries and bagels!
Stopped in for carne asada sunday, it was delicious!!!
First off, it's middle eastern food.
$7.99 for two meals worth of food!!
Great prices and very good food.
Food while delicious was slow to arrive & my easy over egg wasn't too easy.
The "child's" steal i had was huge & delicious hardly a "child or over 55" size.
Delicious coffee & fresh oj.
I don't even consider buying meat and seafood anywhere else.
What an absolute delight!
Stepping into the tiny grocery/cafe, i was washed in delicious smells of curry and every imaginable spice.
Salad, 2 warm dolmas (delicious!
The vegetables are always overcooked.
1) basement soy guy - i think he's called ying ying soy - this stuff is incredibly delicious.
4) the chinese food downstairs is pretty darn good.
Great soups and kimchi, go for the food not the atmosphere.
And lots of locals products like honey, salsa and dried fruits.
They have an amazing selection of food, they also have a smokehouse and a bar with great happy hour deals.
The food was excellent, plus they have a little store as well!
Very authentic food, everything was good.
Hats off to you guys for the comfortable atmosphere, good food and service.
Something refreshing for a change and i love mediterranean food.
They could end up blowing their food money!!
They also have a good variety of ready made foods.
If they added a fresh seafood market to this location, i would be in heaven!
Place to go to buy authentic latin food to make at home or check out their bakery and taco cart.
Their passion fruit ice tea is delish.
They have greek and italian food and some indian curry, so lots of menu selections.
Not only was the food great, the grocery store attached was a huge plus!
This is really as good as it gets in terms of polish food / european food!!
Here you will find delicious deli at prices that u will not believe.
They have some outdoor seating so you can enjoy your food outside on a nice day.
And at prices not much higher than fast food, you absolutely cannot beat the value here.
Great, delicious, quality food at a great price, plus a bonus: the people are wonderful.
Yes, prices are high, but you get excellent quality food.
When i walked in, i noticed the delicious smell of freshly baked bread.
However.......... staff is friendly attentive and the food is outstanding.
This is real home made mexican food.
Hookah lounge is great and the food is absolutely to die for!!
The food is amazing.!
They also have everything i could possibly need, food and wellness wise.
Great variety of food from healthy to not so healthy.
Lots of options for people for people with food allergies.
I discovered the delights of haji-baba when i was in grad school at asu (gulp) 10 years ago.
You get a large quantity of tasty food for a very wallet-friendly price.
Don't get me wrong, this isn't the greatest middle eastern food served in the us, but it's very solid.
The food is full of flavor!
Not only is it ridiculously cheap, but it is incredibly delicious, as well!
Great food for a fair price.
I noticed they have deli meat next door at the new location, gotta try that next time i go here.
Have to come back and try the food sometime!
$20 wine & food sampling, call for july dates.
I been coming to haji baba for past five years and food quality havens changed.
Anyway if you haven't been here it is about time to come in and have some delicious middle eastern food.
Gina in the deli was very sweet and helpful.
I was able to fill my freezer with fruit and veggies for less than fifty bucks!
I was excited to have a whole foods so close to my house, however, this one continues to disappoint.
It seems they have more and more conventional foods and less organic; i liked whole foods mostly for organic produce.
In the heart of downtown toronto, it's a place to go get fresh meats, seafood, bread and other food delights.
This place is expensive, but they have excellent service with very good food and generous portions.
Excellent service, fantastic menu and decor and the food was amazing.
More coffee options and hot foods.
Lots of great food items that you don't have to be a gourmet to appreciate.
Woodmans has simply the best prices on food, and the widest selection in town.
Absolutely delicious food and drinks.
The food was so good that i will go back and give it a try but man, i felt ignored.
Stan's is one of those places where you can get cheap fruit and vegetables.
They have a good selection of all sorts of fruits and vegetables as well as some fresh herbs.
The only 'negative' that i can think of is some of the fruit is located outside on the sidewalk.
Quality fruit and vegetables at prices that are way low compared to say giant eagle.
Best steaks and new deli is awesome we always feel welcomed like family.
Ever since my latest purchase of the juicer, whole foods has been my go-to place for ingredients.
Meat (lamb/beef) tends to be a little over cooked, but still amazing food at decent prices.
Ahh, a big whole foods.
Good food, fun atmosphere.
There are also little food shops so you can grab a bite to eat.
We were on vacation in phoenix and my daughter requires gluten free food.
The deli style atmosphere and sporadic seating arrangement gives it an extremely casual feel.
The counters are filled with fresh vegetables, side dishes and dinner ideas and alternatives.
It's high quality food and the portions are huge.
Amazing food and service to match.
Recap: great ambience, food, and service.
Still, today, it's the best place to go and get middle eastern food.
The chicken biryani is delicious!!!
Since i eat a lot of organic food, i'm here on almost a daily basis.
I highly recommend if you want a delicious breakfast at a reasonable price point.
In most cities, you can easily find entire sections filled with these pies... and other corn safe food.
Service food atmosphere all good!
Really amazing food and reasonably priced.
The food arrived quickly and the staff was very efficient.
The plates are such a great deal and there's so much food.
Perfect amount of food.
The different salads and bites were delicious and offered with mini pitas.
The salad was fresh and delicious.
A little slow on the service but food was good.
Got the combination plate, i'm not very familiar with middle eastern food so i'm not sure i'm a good judge.
We were the first in line and our food came in a timely manner.
I love the vegetable and frozen foods selections.
The chicken curry and gyro was both delicious!
I really appreciate how whole foods responded to my comments and interacted with me on the phone.
I saw the same with the deli section, though didn't try them.
I love their different food stations that cover just about everything under the sun.
The food is pretty reasonably priced as well.
A nice hispanic beer selection and an outstanding bunch of prepared food options round things out.
The food is  consistently good and the wait staff is  great!
Good food nice breakfast place with cool staff.
The food is super good and the place is very original.
My 4star goes completely for the food served.
I would definitely recommend the food.
And the pastry's are so rich and delicious!
The store has a great selection of fresh, healthy food.
I recommend that everyone try whole foods.
You get a lot of food for cheap and it's super delicious!!!
Whole foods market does not carry any items with 'partially hydrogenated oils', for instance.
Part of the whole foods  experience is fun shopping, and the team members are friendly and sweet.
My favorite whole foods is 57ave & sunset in miami,  fla.
Whole foods market is still in a class of its own.
The taste of their food has always been consistent.
So it took awhile for our orders to be taken and delivered.
The food was absolutely amazing here.
My favourites include:  scheffler's deli - parma prosciutto, sun-dried tomato basil turkey slices and other yummy deli meats!
I fell in love with this food at first bite!
Authentic middle eastern food!
I wish it were closer to my house or had delivery, it would be a weekly meal then!
Anways, the food was hit or miss, mostly hit.
It was greasy and overcooked and the breading looked like dogfood.
We got some prepared foods for the grill which were awesome.
The food is always fresh and very good.
I adore middle easter food if its done right.
Prices are well lets say amazing as the food!
The smell of the spices and the food the customer service it feels like home.
Full deli with great food.
The deli meats and cheeses are premium boars head brand and also harris teeter brand.
The location itself has been a lowe's foods since i moved in and was recently "swapped" with another teeter location.
That means you get a ton of food at a great deal!
There were so many people at the deli counter i was tempted to take a picture of the mayhem.
Definite highlight of the trip was the packaged mixed deli and mixed salami across from the deli counter.
Plus, it was less overwhelming than having to look at the endless selection of deli meats.
Atmosphere is stellar, the food quality i would put at 4 stars.
I feel it's a bit overpriced for the food you're getting.
We ran out of the ones that i ordered so i headed to whole foods.
Giant watermelons for $5, local pickled vegetables and pickled eggs, tomatoes, onions, you name it.
Normally i buy whole food's organic milk (ranked very well by cornucopia).
The produce here is always fresh, the cookies by the pound are delicious (especially the caramel wafers!)
The whole foods app is okay; it's going through changes so i've been informed.
I personally recommend the chicken shawarma plate if you're new to get a good sample of the food.
Really low key, affordable, amazing food!
I happened to stop by the whole foods tonight to pick up some groceries since i was around the area.
I really like this whole foods.
I also had the oppurtunity to sample some of the prepared foods...golden sesame tofu.
I really like this whole foods and maybe i'll come up with more excuses to come here!
The food here was stellar and it had such a fun happy vibe to it.
Only complaint is that they don't deliver.
The seafood department is not as well stocked as i would like but otherwise it's a great place to shop.
I'm one of those people who love love love spicy food, but am too wimp to handle it.
Any food that does, is a winner to me.
To you lucky ones who can handle the spicy foods, it may not be hot enough for you.
You can be greeted by the owner who is known for having great pride over her food and customer service.
I used to love this whole foods i would come for one thing and leave with 100 things!
The basturma is delicious!
They have a good selection of fruits and vegetables.
It has an awesome atmosphere and good food.
I love their  sales, and they have a great selection of food, furniture, appliances, seasonal items, and household products.
Either i was really hungry or the food was really good.
It sort of reminded me of the torvehallerne food hall in copenhagen!
Everything on it tasted really authentic and tasty and was enough food for 3 meals for me!
I love visiting food markets, and this one doesn't disappoint.
Whole foods is my weakness--ask my friends.
The food here is delicious and reasonably priced, staff was nice to us and fast service.
My boyfriend and i had the falafel sandwhiches and arabic coffee (all delicious).
Just had my first sandwich from their deli, amazing!!!
Been buying my meat there forever but never tried the deli..
It's great that they deliver right to my door before it gets warm out.
The food is delivered quick, and is very, very delicious and very reasonably priced.
It has everything you could want from food to clothes.
It definitely can compete with wal-mart, especially since it is so clean and better quality food.
Then get a side and then make your way too the wine and beer bar to enjoy food and drinks.
It makes for a delicious pizza.
Good food, just a little expensive.
This skyland has a hot food take out section on the right side.
We haven't tried the chicken place but the chinese restaurant is delicious!
And there was definitely enough food for two people.
One of the larger whole foods in the valley, with tons of eating/gathering spaces throughout the store.
I didn't spend that much and got a lot of good fresh food
Mystery junk food and candy that is irresistible (disclaimer: only mysterious if you don't speak espanol, like me).
The service counter staff was friendly and the food was good.
I just wanted to throw my money onto its well-lit walkways and be almost assaulted with food items in return.
The staff is friendly and they are pretty quick at making the food.
Our iranian neighbour recommended this charming little grocery and food take out place.
The food is really good, especially the kebabs, and prices are very reasonable.
The items in particular i like to get are vegetables, fruit, oatmeal and bread.
The steak was so delicious!
Food is dead on and very healthy... something that i care about.
The food and service is always excellent.
If you want to try an authentic middle-eastern food...come here!!!!
It was delicious but i also like lengua taco soooooo!
Will be back for my "special asian food and species".
The place is old and could use an update on their interior but their food is great!
Enter through the asain food market!
I can not say enough about the food though.
My feeling is that this store is a cross between giant eagle and whole foods.
There are also food stations/restaurants in which you can order hot food items and dine in at comfortable tables.
Friendly service, hot food and salad bar were ok, not super creative.
I picked up some fresh mango that was so delicous.
Everything is freshly made and delicious everytime.
Well i just ate a pusateris fine foods.
This is my to-go korean spot if i want some korean food.
My wife got the nutella latte, which was ludicrously delicious.
Fresh & delicious produce!
My de-facto place for arab food.
The food is always consistently filling and  tasty with flavors.
The food, staff and coffee are all wonderful.
We dine in here on a regular basis and the food, service and fresh squeezed juice is always on point!
The lady selling the super foods bars was amazing.
Her energy alone sold the bars but they were delicious.
I love their selection of seafood as well.
There is a huge assortment of asian food here, so you will see a lot of asian people shopping here.
They also sell pre-made salsa's and guacamole, which are really delicious.
Since i'm all for delicious, cheap food with a side of cultural sensitivity lessons, 5 stars!
Food is always fresh and authentic.
Also, buy their turkish delight.
It is fresh and quite possibly the best turkish delight i have ever had ( no exaggeration) !
They're deli sandwiches are to die for.
You order your food at the counter and they call out your name when it's ready to be picked up.
Fresh juices, fruits, cakes, carnicería/ butcher shop.
Food is always tasty, service leaves a little bit to be desired.
Great produce, friendly staff, and fresh meat/seafood.
Food is great, my husband and i got back all the time!
Love their selection, for example i found different flavors of nut thins which i couldn't even find at whole foods.
The hot food bar and sushi bar are my favorites of the prepared foods.
The deli salads offer great selection.
They sell dukbukki and other hot foods.
The spicy chewy rice cakes were delicious and definitely worth the price.
I don't mind paying more for healthier, organic food that isn't mass produced, crammed with chemicals, or sent from overseas.
I always get the plates because you get a good amount of food.
It was huge and and came out delicious.
It's tasty food that's ready to go.
They also have delicious local breads and candies.
The deli is probably the best part of sobers as there are great selections of meats and cheeses.
Food: 10 (for the money it hard to beat) beer: 9  p factor: 10  overall a great wf experience again.
It sounds strange and we almost didn't try it but it was delicious!
Awesome food shopping experience!
A longtime running place with great prices and they always have fresh fruits and veggies stock when i shop.
The food was so fresh and delicious!
One of the cleanest food markets i have been to in my travels.
Ton of food options on both levels.
Fun happy hour menu and a number of bruschetta options we had were delicious.
I couldn't think of a better way to spend my money then on fresh cheap fruit and veggies!
Food was fantastic and the service is very good.
Everything i had there was delicious i love the chicken pesto sandwich very very good i'd recommend it to everybody
Besides the fact that the food taste so good, they have a mini market next to it.
I love the atmosphere here compared to whole foods.
Workers are friendly, food is priced reasonably, & the shoppers seem more real, if that makes sense.
Then i'll browse through the bakery & end up at the fruits & vegetables.
The chicken is always cooked perfectly, it's a must try, even for people who don't typically enjoy mediterranean food!
The selection of vegetables, fish, etc.
It's expensive, but you know you're going to get the freshest, most high quality food around.
It's all of the best foods of iran under one roof - how can you not love it?
Don't forget the dried fruits and nuts too, near checkout.
This is my favorite place to eat breakfast,the service is exellent, the food is fresh and juicy and perfectly cooked.
We ordered so much food.
The rice cake and fish cake appetizer was delicious.
I love all the little samples they give when they serve food.
There is greek, italian, persian, indian, and many more different types of food.
The fruit and veggies were fresh!
I've been to mexico many times and have had amazing food- and these were on par.
If you couldn't already tell by the enthusiasm, they were delicious.
I appreciate locally sourced food and this is a great place to shop.
Easy to see why this restaurant is so highly rated - excellent service, great prices, great food.
Easy access to excellent food.
Their ready to eat food is delicious.
You're about 10 minutes away from deliciousness.
Overall the food is really good.
Their bangers were delish too, i'm pretty sure they were in a natural casing.
It looks like a hole in the wall but generally these places produce the best food.
I always love the food especially the chicken showarma plate.
But expect to have some really tasty food
The food is just so good and it is hard to find good middle eastern food.
The fruits and vegetables are super-cheap compared to the grocery store.
Lots of fun things to purchase if you are into authentic mexican and latin american food.
Like i said, good food, but maybe mine was not for me .
Because the food is authentic and delicious.
Their prepared foods are really nice as well.
Keep it up whole foods!
I tried the food for the first time today and loved it.
These meals were only $4.99 each, and provided a massive portion of food.
Their food selection and customer service are great.
The bakery section really stands out, as does the prepared food section.
You will find just about any kind of food, produce, meat, cheese, you name it at st. lawrence market.
The spice really added to the fries and the sauce was delish.
I have been with natures garden delivered for over 1 year and this company is fantastic.
They consistently deliver top quality organic produce to my office.
We always have the big seafood hot pot but recently started trying different dishes.
We love the seafood pancake.
Chongo's has the best selection of apples and oranges,as well as a great selection of other fruits and vegetables.
Then i will give you some insight into the prepared food for take-out or in-store dining.
They sell food items that you will actually use.
You go for the food, that's it.
This time around, it has a huge sign over the counter saying "vietnamese food to go."
The chicken scallopini was so delicious, i felt i was in italy.
I came for greek food, as i usually do, but wasn't in the mood.
Great selection of free range meat and seafood.
Cheap coffee, nuts, and dried fruits.
Everyone is so friendly, from the cashiers to store managers and even the ladies who work at the deli section.
Vegetables are on sale everyweek, and a starbucks store is coming soon.
And the tanks that hold seafood are in dire need of cleaning.
Had lunch here my first day in tempe and the food kept me fueled for the rest of the day.
I wonder if they would make that into a plate dish instead of a sandwich...i bet that's delicious!
5 stars - for the prepared foods.
I don't cook mexican food, so my assessment may not be accurate.
Extremely reasonable, great food, and great service
I bought an italian sandwich from the deli, tiramisu, and fresh fettuccine to cook later in the evening.
The deli worker was very helpful, and made me a delicious sandwich, packed with meat and cheese for around $6.
Super cute place, staff was friendly, food, ultimate steak and eggs, fantastic!
Can't ask for anything else except delivery in bed!
The most popular food item at the market is probably the veal sandwiches downstairs and deservedly so.
Prices are fantastic, drinks hit the spot, food is delicious.
Though-despite all its quirks, this place is endearing and serves up some pretty darn good korean food.
We just ordered a bunch of food off the menu and shared everything.
It's like eating at your friend's house where the korean food just isn't as good as it is at home.
Jjambbohng had plenty of seafood.
Pepero can definitely hold its own and i see many a craving satisfied with korean food here.
Great place to pick up heirloom varieties of vegetables.
Amazing selection of fresh produce, local honey, dates, salad dressings, salsas, fruit spreads, beans, nuts, grains.
Great service, great vibe, great food!
They have amazing customer service and their meat is always delicious.
The prepared foods section.
There is a large seafood area although i find the smell a bit repellant.
Hot food, pastries, produce, fresh meats and some of the largest seafood i've ever laid my eyes on!
I wish i lived here so i could enjoy some of the fresh meats and seafood.
The food was really tasty and flavorful.
The checkin breast was super moist, easy to cut (even with a fork), tender, juicy and definitely delicious.
Best middle eastern food!!!
If you live in the area or visiting arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!
Made a stop at the section where the seafood was sold.
Items are fresh and lots of prepared foods.
There is also a fruit stand for kids to enjoy a free and healthy treat.
Most of the vegetarian items can be made vegan and every time i have been there the food was tasty.
Great food for a convenience store!!
There are many food choices at different locations in the store.
The food is amazing, the portions are good, and the prices are right.
It was seasoned well and was agood portion of food.
Overall a great cozy place to have breakfast with excellent service and good quality food.
Wout them at least u are able to really enjoy the food and company.
They even split the salad for and it was delicious!
Just take all my monies, whole foods, take it all!!
The food here is yummy!!!
They also have a nice deli/fresh food section that has lunch specials throughout the week.
Amazing food at a really great price!
The servers are very respectful and quick to serve you and the food came out very quickly.
I like that they have healther options like yougert and fresh fruit and granola parfets and fresh pressed juices.
There's a lot of specialty food, and you could get some really good fresh mozzarella here.
The prepared food was also really good.
There are baked goods from several toronto bakeries that are delivered here daily.
It was so delicious.
Hot food they have a prepared food area and the food was great.
And the food here taste better!
It has the benefits of t&t (clean, catered to asians, hot food) yet cheaper.
If you looking for some of the best food in town at the right prices.
Great customer service and fresh food.
However, i always love whole foods because there are many healthy options and everything is organic.
I seem to find something new everytime i go to whole foods, which makes me happy.
Delicious tacos, quesadillas, horchata and other items, served fresh and quick.
Even their fruit plate sets them apart from other breakfast places.
Haji baba may be the best mediterranean food i have ever had in my life.
I have a soft spot for whole foods.
And the prices on the whole foods store brand are really not that bad!
Whole foods is like, where i want to do all my shopping when i grow up.
Cool decor, tasty food for us and the kids and our waitress was awesome (april).
Food is great.... have never been disappointed!
I love all the prepared food selections- you can often find me eating lunch or grabbing dinner there.
I tried out their 3 flautas for $3.99 at the deli.
Not only was it a cheap lunch but their food is better than pepe's next door.
Deli section and daily samples.
Very nice- great prepared food section, good looking produce, beautiful baked goods.
The food here is to die for!
This store has all the crazy-good selection of foods you can't buy anywhere else, but is also a wonderful eatery.
Excellent customer service, excellent food selections.
Haji-baba has hands down the best middle eastern food i've ever had in arizona.
You can't beat the price for how much food they give you.
She had us in absolute stitches .our food was very good, price was fair.
At first i only came here looking for clove oil, then i smelled the food and stayed to eat.
Great atmosphere, on point service, and the food is solid!!
What a good idea they are delicious.
The deli counter needs help.
Lots of deli pre-packed though.
Watching their food be prepared was a treat.
But not as much as our treat when we ate our food.
Trendy tacos may be delicious, but nothing beats real.
I think besides the farmer's market, whole foods has the best quality and variety of fresh products.
I would recommend shopping here for a few days of food, and not stocking up for weeks at a time.
The st. lawrence market is a foodie's haven.
Whole foods, thank you for being close to my house!
Whole foods reminds me of a neighborhood place back in michigan called papa joes.
Their food bar (hot, salad or fresh made food) is delicious!
My husband hates this store, yet he likes the food that i bring home.
Always great service and great food here.
They had great service and the food was yummy.
All were really delicious!
It's a foodie paradise.
Tried this place out after seeing it on eden eats on food network.
The bulgogi was great and the kimchee and vegetables made the meal even better.
I can't believe how much lower it is then some of the other health food stores.
The deli never disappoints and the produce is very fresh.
I'd come here to get a coffee and slice of cake for some afternoon delight :)
They were huge and delicious!
J'y vais principalement pour les fruits et légumes et également le poisson.
The have half an aisle for fruits and vegetables.
Most of the food is knock off name brand but it doesn't taste as bad as some other knock offs.
I love me some organic food :)
The place is a butcher+bakery mated with a quickie mart and offers a concise lesson of wisconsin food products.
The food-counter lady was very nice as i added .. and added to my order.
It's an open air market indoors with a ton of food choices.
One of the larger whole foods in the valley, with tons of eating/gathering spaces throughout the store.
The food is great!
I had the chilaquiles with steak and it was delicious!!!.
Great service, great atmosphere, and most of all awesome food!!
The food is that good!
Come here for korean food!
The staff is very friendly and the food is excellent!
I end up trying something new, healthy and delicious almost every time i am there - which is often.
My favourite part of planet organic is their deli section.
So the bar was set pretty high through whole foods and safeway.
Delicious, and i won't go as far as to say i'm a great cook.
Whole foods ain't got nothing on metcalfe's (leave my double negative alone).
Amazing shopping and food choices.
Will whole foods market ever replace giant eagle as my regular grocery store?
For example: whole foods organic apples -- $1.99/lb.
They also had some local conventional fruits on sale for cheap when i went.
Better food than the other place you like.
Steve the manager, the whole staff (today we had april and she was still top notch)are all truly delightful people.
You will love the cozy atmosphere, great food and super friendly staff.
I received my first delivery this morning.
Every pre-packaged indian food you can imagine is on offer, usually for a couple bucks, nice for a quick lunch.
The reviews are correct-there's sum great mediterranean food to be had here.
Food's great, freshly made and there's usually plenty of seating.
A number of times, the cook himself would come out with a hot plate and deliver it to our table.
Good, fast, cheap food!
Fast, friendly service, excellent food.
All sorts of fresh made hot foods and sushi too!
Great food and cheap, awkward dining place.
My five stars is geared more towards the watering hole and hot food stands.
I love how you can grab a table, not too busy, and stroll over to a line for food.
Fantastic food at a fantastic price.
Excellent food, nice people and love that hilarious lady.
Also, if yall decide to stock up korean food they have a grocery section.
It has some of the best vegan food i've ever had, and i moved here from vancouver.
Whether you're a vegan or just want some real, healthy food, this unassuming little cafe is hard to beat.
This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full mexican food experience.
Sometime you have to dig around to find undamaged fruit.
The drinks were surprisingly pricy as the food menu was quite moderately priced.
I couldn't tell about foods cause i was really starving so i don't remember about how the tastes.
Best hangover-prepare for normalacy food.
The food is great for the price too!
Food: standard breakfast foods.
The huge variety of every type of liquor, wine and beer is a delight!
The deli staff, who took my order, was very friendly.
According to national geographic, st. lawrence markets ranks in the global top 10 food markets.
There's also lots of bulk food downstairs where you can every type of spice or candy you can imagine.
Everything we get here is great and the help in the back hot foods and meat dept.
Also, they make deli sandwiches that are insane!!!!
The shawarma garlic sauce with the sririacha-- is a true delight.
They have like 6 or 7 diff varieties and they are all delicious.
Big portions (i always had lots of leftovers), cheap food and a simple approach.
La tolteca is easily one of the best mexican food joints in phoenix.
I have to say this rivals the greek food i used to get in new york.
My dad and i went to get some latin food.
This place has really good authentic food at a really good price.
Food is always great -- their waffles are crispy and delicious and the menu is fun and inventive.
A ton of food for a great price.
Great food - love their mediterranean dishes.
The food is always good.
The food was good tho - had corned beef hash and eggs.
There prepared foods are so good, i tried the shawarma sandwich and it was really tasty.
(i only use this saying in ser-ious situations), and, beyond the food, their service is primo.
This place has good food, and if you're coming here for atmosphere, you're not coming for the right reasons.
), this coffee is delicious.
You can get the exact organic products at woodman's at a cheaper price than buying it at a wholefoods market.
Best mexican food in arizona!
This is a nice place on the west side of town to get some tasty mediterranean food.
Everything tasted fresh and delicious!
You could tell the food is made to order.
Good authentic mexican food and panaderia.
This place was delicious!!
Very cool vibe and food has been good everytime.
I love this whole foods.
My two absolute favorite things here are the 12 grain bread- it is delicious i'm not kidding!
This place is probably the cheapest middle eastern food in town.
Waitresses in pj's, attentive management, and damn fine food.
The parfait was so delicious with berry sauce, fresh (and big) blueberries and granola.
First of all, great produce, delicious, fresh and a great selection.
The seafood is a great selection and they will order something for you if you want it special.
Cuttlefish to squid, all kinds of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Everybody, whether via phone or in person, was delightful, and the service was just as good at our table.
The food was great!
Almost everybody ordered something different and not one complaintthe prices were very reasonable, for the quality & quantity of food.
It serves everything a mexican food place would have.
Food is fresh and service is fast.
Served with delicious tzatziki sauce.
Addiction derives from their house seasoned fries accompanied by a delicious creamy dipping.
This salad is delicious!!
There is also the occasional non food vendor (in the lower level) where you may find jewellery, scarves, clothing.
You can stop here for delicious, quick, and cheap food.
I love the variety of specialties and food present in such a small space.
I suggest coming early in the morning, when all of the food is freshest and it is less busy/crowded.
Good selection of meat and cheese in the deli.
The food is incredible.
Simply some of the best middle eastern food i have ever had.
Although most of the asian markets are because of the seafood, but atleast lf market keep it low, lol.
This was my first authentic mediterranean deli.
Now mediterranean is one of my favorite types of food to eat period.
Foods are pretty good for it's reasonable price.
They always have fast service and amazing food.
It's got a middle eastern - greek deli that serves fresh zatar bread, ethnic pizzas, crepes and more.
It's the delish white stuff they put on shawarmas and i have been looking for it forever.
It's also close to no frills or the likes if you need to pick up some more regular instant-food items.
I swear it doesn't matter the location, total wine delivers something special every time i walk through the doors.
The produce, hot foods, bakery just so appreciative of everything.
Doesn't look like much of anything, but it the food is authentic and inexpensive.
The french pressed coffee was delicious especially next to the yummy pot of bread.
I was more of a food lion person.
It was remodeled from a former lowes foods and they did a great job.
A one stop market with cooked food, raw meats, fruits and vegetables, baked goods and souvenier all in one complex.
They have an awesome selection of gourmet food items & excellent wines!
The food is consistently great and the service was good as well.
I attended an event here for over 100 people and even the "bulk food" was great.
This h-mart has a hot food section, some cold products such as ice-cream, baked bread, etc.
Hats off to the wonderful woman who helped us when we were out from philly for the world food champ!
There are a bunch of foods for every palate here.
Its apparently the largest food market in the world!
Similiar to whole foods but a little cheaper and some different options.
The owners are incredibly friendly and welcoming and the food makes you feel like you are in germany!
I've never shopped at a whole foods until a few months ago, and i can't believe what i was missing.
So damn expensive but the meats are definetly quality and those sausage stuffed peppers are delicious.
Both items were delicious and i wish i could go back for another round at buster's seafood dishes.
Two aisles of indian dry goods, nice selection of both indian and western vegetables,
The food is delicious.
I like their deli.
Great food and service.
This is probably the best korean food you'll get around charlotte metro area.
Great prices, very friendly people, neat environment and amazing food!!
I can't live without whole foods nowadays.
You can find seasonal fruits or vegetables that you barely seen anywhere else.
People think whole foods is very expensive, but it depends on what you are buying.
If you want to save money and get healthier groceries, combine whole foods with trader joe's.
Friendly staff are there to help you find something delicious.
The food is reasonable and delicious.
I was in the mood for comfort food, like pierogies.
The potato filling was good and the dough itself was delicious.
The produce is fresh, delicious.
I visit jw foods at least once a month to stock up on chicken thighs, chicken breasts and frozen mushrooms.
St. lawrence market perhaps one of the best food markets that i have ever been to.
The lower level is mostly vendors selling fruit, vegetables, meats, fish, baked goods, and other grocery products.
The upper is where the vendors selling cooked foods are.
The cider was absolutely delicious.
The pizza at the food court is actually pretty good too and it's only 10 bucks for a large pie.
I still can't get over how cheap and delicious the food was!
Adding siracha gives the food an extra kick, but its not necessary to add since each bite is so savory!
Overall, the place has slightly loud middle eastern music in the background, great service, and great food (most important).
You'll find all kinds of goodies here - fresh fruits, vegetables, souvenirs, baked goods, and places to eat.
Fabulous food; terrific service and reasonable price.
The food is always fresh and delicious.
They have a large assortment of diet items, organic foods, and gluten free.
I mostly buy from their food with intention line.
Excellent food cute atmosphere wait staff wore pjs :-) laura was our waitress  super fast
They have an awesome deli and bakery.
You can get fresh perogies and cabbage rolls at their hot food counter.
The prices are low and the food is good.
Everything is delicious, but i could not get enough of the maple bourbon steak tips.
They were the most delicately flavored, savory and tender bites of meat i've had in a long, long time.
The quality of the food we've had from them is simply unparalleled.
We ordered the jam bong, seafood pancake, udon noodle soup, and friend squid over rice.
In short, pepero offers great food and even better price!!
The food is fresh and delicious.
Thank you for so many years of service & excellent food!
Food is served large portions we always spit the steak  and eggs which is perfect and delicious.
We've been here for breakfast and lunch and both times, the food was great.
The food was really good.
I had the bi bim bob and it was delicious.
The  food came out super fast!
For seafood: domenic's fish market.
(upstairs) i buy everything pertaining to seafood and fish here.
For fresh produce: (downstairs) although i buy a lot at family foods upstairs.
Wild card (a): schefler's deli & cheese (upstairs) - on the top floor.
Delicious wine at that.
Local foods and brands are center stage here.
You'll see local everywhere from the bakery, frozen foods and cheeses (of course).
The only critique is that the deli prepared foods and the bakery are good, but not great.
Not only were they delicious, but adorable as well (bees and ladybugs).
The pork bul go gi was delicious!
You can order food & sit down to eat, which is neat.
Tender, moist chunks of lamb and a variety of vegetables make it one of the best i've ever had.
Their food was great and i loved the cleverness of them wearing pj's!
But food,beverages,customer service are good .
Steak & eggs are delicious!!
I just had the go go greens juice, a fruit plate, and potato hash.
They were all delicious.
The food is really delicious, big portion, the restaurant.
Best whole foods that i know of.
Philadelphia whole foods are so crappy.
Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.
This place has good food and service.
I love to hangout here with friends, enjoy my blueberry mist with mint hookah, delicious appetizers and some red wine!!
I decided to go vegetarian recently, so this was a perfect choice to have some middle eastern food.
Delicious, i was so full and i had plenty leftover for later.
Same good food & beverage selection as any other big whole foods.
Breakfast here was absolutely delightful.
The bread in a cup was delicious!
The food was excellent too.
Bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables.
As other commenters have suggested you may want to freeze your fruit if you're not going to eat it immediately.
The store presents a variety of fresh seafood, lamb,pork and beef , so tasty.
The food is great, but they serve it with a lot of swag.
The food is outstanding.
Great atmosphere, great service, and most of all great food.
It always makes me feel dirty and anxious...but i love getting wonderful fresh fruit and veggies at outrageously great prices.
The have a vast selection of fresh fruits and veggies.
Its nice to veer away from the classic bar food for happy hour specials.
Being and exvegetarian, medditeranian food just does it for.
The aisles are laid out wonderfully and i love the selections of organic foods.
I'd say it's around the same price as whole foods.
Some of the best mexican food in the valley!
Delicious little neighborhood grocery store and butcher shop with a different name.
Food is pretty good and authentic.
Excellent service, food and atmosphere.
Not an attractive place for sure, but the food is lights out good.
But if you're not into spicy food, why are you searching out mexican for lunch?
They really have an amazing floral department and the fresh fruit is beautiful.
They also have a great seafood/meat department with very well informed meat cutters.
Whole foods has the biggest and most diverse cheese department.
I usually walk past the great looking salad bar and deli counters.
If you're looking for middle eastern food in tempe, this is a must.
The food was amazing as well as the service.
They have lots of prepared foods to eat in or takeout.
There is a seafood counter but the meats are prepackaged without a counter.
This little store is amazing - they have a big variety of fruits and veggies at very affordable price.
From the service to the wine and food, sorso is incredible.
The food is good but the service is phenomenal!
I love food but i'm a stickler for service.
I don't care how great the food is if the service sucks i will not be going back!
For someone who really enjoys cooking, like me - this whole foods is invaluable!
Whole foods saves the day!
Great food and customer service.
Be prepared to resist the temptation to try every single food vendor there.
Compared to other whole foods locations, this one is tiny!
For comparison, the whole foods in las vegas must be at least three times the size.
She offers the polish community an assortment of truly authentic  foods like they would be able to buy back home..
If you are truly looking for authentic polish food, then this is the place you need to be.!!!
Go visit miss anna she'll give you a lesson on what real polish food should taste like ..
Their food is fantastic!!!
The portions are generous, food is fresh, and their coffee is the bomb!!
This is the real deal, real food, real people, and it's a 10 spot!!
Besides the appearance and feeling you get being in there comes the food!
Korean food i love.
Not being a big wine person, i mostly came for the food.
I couldn't ask for better food at my wedding.
Everyone was asking me for days after who catered our food as they couldn't get enough.
We not had impeccable customer service experience but also the food was appetizing and fresh.
They also have a wide selection of sea food and meats.
Delicious and only $8!
Definitely worth a stop if you want some quick and delicious food.
We did buy ourselves some butter tarts from one of the many delicious bakeries.
The crepes were delicious!
Good selection of produce, meats and unique food items that i've gotten addicted to that i can't get anywhere else.
The place looks like a hole in the wall from the outside but the food is fabulous!
Fabulous food, generous portions, and friendly service.
Great grocery, deli and takeout.
Great food and great staff!!
They have amazing food and friendly staff!!
The deli people are a great group.
Ordered ton of foods but filled up with just 3 bites!!
They also have a great spread of deli also serving cooked food which looked very tempting.
We have been using topline for about 3 years and they continually deliver us high quality meats.
My boyfriend and i love going to whole foods, heading to the meat department and picking out a steak.
Then having the grill cook it for us, along with delicious sides, while we sip wine at their bar.
Grocery store and deli; plus a starbucks.
The food was delicious and very flavorful without being overpowering.
The first one has a restaurant and serve very very delicious mediterranean food and drinks.
The second location is much bigger and offer more of a variety of mediterranean foods at very good costs.
Incredibly delicious, authentic food for a great price.
Food is great, atmosphere and location is great, and you won't find another place like it in town.
Which i think is fair for the amount and quality of food we had.
Excellent food, fresh, tasty, great portions and prices.
Great food and service!
Another place were listening to someone speak about food with excitement.
Consistent excellent quality food.
Nothing fancy at all, just good service and good food.
The serving size was huge all for $8.99 and delicious.
So, if you need a lot of fresh fruits and veggies, definitely the place to go.
Food choices from grass-fed beef to every cheese imaginable make it just plain fun to shop.
I just assumed because it was whole foods we wouldn't find such an ingredient.
Good prices for quality food.
Service was great, food was great!
Everyone in my family has some food allergy so we are grateful for the products we can find here.
Was delicious; huge portion could not finish.
Everything on the menu is very good gourmet food at a reasonable price.
They also serve delicious cocktails.
The sandwich came with a mix of pickled vegetables that have the perfect tangy accompaniment to the sandwich.
The vegetables were green beans, onions, squash, cauliflower, greens, cucumbers, carrots, and celery.
Definitely try this place for mouth watering food.
Cup of bread even more delicious than it looks.
They also serve food in the lounge and drinks.
We didn't get to try the food so i have no opinion in that area.
The quality of deli items is top notch (all boar's head).
Kicking my rating up to 4 stars for whole foods.
I seem to always find it at whole foods!!!!
Also, i finally tried turkish delight, which they stock by the front counter.
Turkish delight is gooey and reminiscent of jujubees.
I thought it was a mistake that a 5 lb bag of grapefruits was 1.00 yes 1.00!!
They were sweet and delish, my daughter has been eating one half each day with breakfast and loves them.
This is definitely a hole in the wall but sometimes that's where you find the best food.
The customer service is great there and the food came out relatively fast too.
Next i had brussels sprouts with pickled red onion and some other deliciousness i can't remember.
Staff, food, drinks, hookah - just everything is on point.
Brought some parmesan chicken bake home and it was delicious.
The fresh food at safeway is so worth it.
The cheesecakes in the bakery section are delish!
Super huge with lots of cheese and delicious.
At the hilldale location, i have literally had to wait 15-20 minutes at times for the deli counter.
I hope that everyone shops at the deli here.
Their food is consistent here and always so fresh tasting.
I am not so sure the music went with the food but oh well.
The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you receive.
I'm not one to cheap out on food i assure you.
The "cocido" beef vegetable soup is excellent.
Above all else, the food was top-notch.
The food is a bit pricy, but it's all well worth it.
I was also able to get my hands on some delicious portuguese egg tarts...delish...reminds me of the ones from macau.
Visited the deli to get sliced roast beef and leigh was very courteous.
The food is quick and the owner has a particularly good attention to detail.
Best food, best wine, and best people!
I glanced at the seafood section and i did not see any poke again.
I am a weekly visitor to this little fruit and veg store.
They carry high end brands like boars head deli meats as well as their delicious knockwurst and brats.
There was all kinds of food and even a lady who could really get your juices flowing.
I have 4 picky boys that devoured every single bite of their food and some of ours.
The food s very authentic and delicious.
Fresh melons that you've never seen before (toad skin) that are crazy delicious?
Great deals and delicious discoveries.
$20 wine & food sampling, call for july dates.
I have eaten here at least 4 times now, and the food each time was superb.
I believe it must the only place left in charlotte that serves korean food.
The last time i was there, i had the most delicious korean seafood pancake that had plenty of tasty scallops.
It was surprisingly delicious.
The place to go for veggies and fruit.
Stay to in season fruit or pick carefully.
Now for the important part- the food.
She said it was delicious and not "too" cheesy.
Marna helped us pick out perfectly delicious bread and then sliced it for us.
What a grwat selection of freshly prepared foods.
I really like the food, great service, just a little overpriced for bacon and eggs.
This review is particular to the 'block party' that whole foods puts on.
We created our own charcuterie board and it was delicious.
Love whole foods but some of their mark ups are a little out of hand.
Yum  the beets with garlic are delicious as well as the sushi  ,
We love organic, locally grown, and generally, 'good for you' food and, the bownesian always carries a great supply.
Great selection of food including organic meats, produce and canned goods.
Both the market and the food bar are pricy but you know that you are getting quality food.
The roasted meats and prepared food section smelt amazing and mouth-watering and it has a great selection of gourmet groceries.
I could come in here everyday to smell the deli and look at the baked goods!
There are no frills here, it is just simple and delicious.
While they don't deliver,  ron offered to drop the trays off for me....customer service doesn't get better than that!
It is simple, no non sense delicious food.
The food is excellent along with the atmosphere.
The curry is to die for and they will make the food super spicy if you ask.
Call ahead to make sure it's open if you're looking for hot food
I love being able to stock my fridge with healthy food at a great price.
Welcome alternative to fast food lunches during the workday!
It was hot out and i was operating with no food and red bull.
All the food (hot and ready to eat or cold to take home) is wholesome, fresh and filling.
They have a ton of choices from seafood to marinated meats for all your bbq needs.
Large selection of wine and cocktails as well as food specials.
Still, the food was exceptional.
Service was super fast and food is really fresh and cooked awesome.
The south market is filled mostly with cheesemongers, purveyors of meats, and produce/fruit stalls.
That's just the food.
It's my go to for fresh seafood, meats, vegetables and cheese.
We decided to try it because the pictures of the food looked promising.
The chicken shawarma plate for $9 was delicious and filling.
Save room for  some baklava or some other middle eastern delight for dessert.
I know that i can pick up fresh fruits and veggies at competitive pricing.
If i had to compare it to somewhere i'd say it's a bloordale-bulk version of essence of life/tutti fruitti.
Martini was kind of gross, but mine was delish (redbull, vodka, and chambord.
All of the food was good, not super amazing, and i should have avoided the italian and enjoyed meditteranean.
I had the chicken and waffle and it was delicious!
I've been quite happy with their food, too.
The food is fresh, delicious, local and affordable!
The food is fresh, healthy, and fantastic!!
When we can simply, and deliciously, i might add eat what they eat.
Thanks to cool chef, and whole foods team!
They ordered their flowers online, and when those flowers were delivered, they were wilted and brown.
The food was also outstanding, fresh, and delicious.
They took orders and served the food in a reasonable amount of time despite being so busy.
Great food, interesting atmosphere.
They looked and tasted unbelievably delicious.
The hotel doesn't do room service, so after a quick search for a liquor delivery i found lucky's.
I had to try it, baked fresh it was thin, soft, and delicious without any aftertaste.
Groceria italiana is seriously our favorite place to go for any of our italian food needs.
Of course, even if the service was awful, i would probably be able to overlook it for the food!
Just let them sit out to thaw for 20 minutes, and then allow yourself to be overwhelmed by the deliciousness!
Big selection of fresh fruit and vegetables.
My wife ordered french toast (crispy cinnamon) yummy :p all the food on everyone else's table looked great too.
In addition to a variety of island-themed foods, we served haji baba's kabobs.
I would highly recommend using these kabobs as a party food item.
This was creative and so delicious.
She claims this was delicious.
My brother got fried chicken and waffles...  every thing was delicious!
It has loads of paintings on the wall, beautiful curtains, and is lit with extravagant chandeliers.
I didn't go about trying the food, but if i do come back, i might just do that.
Truly an amazing market with a variety of fresh and wonderful foods.
The gravy is delish!
They also have a meat/cheese counter and a small menu of hot prepared foods ready to go!
You see, inside this whole foods is an amazing bar with over 20 amazing beers on tap.
The food is a little above average.
Serving size is large, guacamole is fresh, tortilla's are warm & flan is delicious.
The produce was so fresh and delicious, we decided to continue ordering!
An excellent service at a very reasonable price delivered right to your door!
I have been here twice and both times the food was fantastic!!
Food is worth it!
Food: everything that i have ordered has been perfact!!
Highly recommended for food!!
If you are a princess the service here is not for you *smile* but the food is worth the wait.
Clean store, has a great variety of seafood/meats/juices/produce and other things you would find in a typical meximart.
Consistently good food and friendly service.
You immediately smell deliciousness when you walk in!
Deli sandwiches here are awesome.
Food is always perfectly ripe.
Well worth it, delicious coffee, the pot of bread to die for and fab service!!!
Awesome food market, great variety of stuff and still busy in the month of october.
Lots of choices from cooked food to getting weekly groceries.
I recently visited whole foods for the first time in my life, and i was pleasantly surprised.
None of which i considered "my whole foods".
Just beyond the coffee//beer shop to the left is the gourmet prepaired food section.
Clearly marked aisles, displays, bulk food bins galore (beans, pasta, rice, spices, dried mushrooms, honeys, syrups, sea salts ...).
The food review could go on forever.
The atmosphere was out dated and very small but the food is authentic.
What i enjoy and frequent here most is what i call the danger zones:  hot food bar and the bakery.
It's $8.99/lb for the salad bar and hot food bar.
We knew better that to order as much food as last time.
I ordered the popular dishes -- soondubu jigae, seafood pancake, rice cakes, jap chae, kalbi.
If you're looking for good korean food, come here!
!the food they serve is real authentic mex food, the kind only mexican grandmas can cook!!
Haven't had food but will be back!
Open 24/7 and always making fresh food.
Clean, delicious, and always there when i need my late night cravings curbed.
I honestly have not tasted a quesadilla done quite that way but it was a delightful new twist.
I have always been a fan of whole foods.
Plenty of fresh goods, fruits, vegetables, mushrooms, fish, beef, pork, lamb, chicken, spices, breads, pastries, baked goods...etc.
Whole foods is much pricier than other grocery stores, but the freshness in products is unbeatable in my opinion.
While out there i've eaten some incredible mexican food including tacos.
A bit expensive for the portion, but food quality wasn't too bad.
The sandwich had a decent tomato sauce and it had a very filling food portion.
Make sure to come hungry if you actually want to try 3+ different food stands!
They have modernized shopping for food.
I've been using nature's garden delivered for about two years, maybe more.
The weekly delivery also helps me to plan meals ahead of time, and to cook and eat seasonally.
Now i would guess it is cut 2-3 days before delivery.
Nature's garden delivered collects and re-uses all of the packing materials, and i hope that includes the plastic bags.
An email to nature's garden delivered has always cleared things up, usually with a small credit.
I'm very grateful to have nature's garden delivered and i recommend this service wholeheartedly.
The omelet was delicious, the burrito's chorizo had a different flavor than we expected but was nice and spicy.
Whether you are looking for meat, seafood or a snack, this place has it all.
So wish this place delivered.
Really authentic food and very tasty.
I absolutely love the watering hole, great deals with delicious food.
I think they have the freshest produce as well as meats and seafood.
I had a great lunch at whole foods today!
I eat fruits and veggies like crazy and shopping here is great on my wallet!
But their hot take out foods here are a great deal, and they actually taste good!
She was a delight to work with and really made my wedding vision come alive.
Fair prices (better than whole foods).
Call ahead to avoid disappointment  a foodie and griller's heaven.
From the adorable bright, comfy, clean decor to the friendly staff and you guessed it amazing food!
I asked if they had fresh fruit.
They game me a very small cup of fresh fruit.
The food did sit a bit too long on the ready counter before it arrived at our table.
All of us enjoyed our food and the atmosphere here.
We came for lunch and also had wine with our food.
It was absolutely delicious.
They have a huge assortment of food and a fun ambiance.
Awesome whole foods market.
This one is one of the medium size whole foods i've been to.
Regular chicken breast at other stores, but, i trust wholefoods.
Excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices!
Chingon mexican food here.
A long line of steam tables, keeping that food hot and ready to go.
The bakery offerings looked delicious and inviting.
The food is fresh, delicious and inspired.
Food taste really good and the price is super!
Taught us how to make multiple indian dishes, then we got to eat the food she (rita) made.
If you want authentic, fresh food with more than reasonable prices, come to this unassuming supermarket.
There's almost always a line when i come because good patrons know good food.
Best middle eastern food i've had outside of the middle east.
So delicious, cheap, huge portions.
(ohhhh snap)  she's good, and my chic and waffles were delicious.
Great please, very nice people and helpful, good prices and fresh food,beast market in vegas !!!
Ok, i admit, i'm not a huge natural foods person, but its hard to deny whole foods goodness.
They also have a great prepared foods counter, where i buy latkes.
Along with the wines there is a list of food.
First of all the interior is breathtakingly beautiful; and the ambience is matched by the food.
I also like browsing around the veggies and fruits.
Their frozen section is pretty decent too and have delicious desserts.
Food and coffee were sooooo good!
The food is ok, nothing special, and a little overpriced.
Clothes, food, home goods, toys and medical sections are well-stocked with plenty of varieties.
I love the food,  the price,  and the groceries.
Their ethnic and natural food sections are extensive.
Because this grocery store is a foodie theme park!
The varieties of bruschetta we tried were delicious!
Absolute best place to get fresh foods and spent an afternoon.
Take in a brunch while your shopping for delicious fresh foods.
Delicious cinnamon swirled bread that was soft and buttery.
Overall it was a great atmosphere, great food and great experience.
I enjoyed the tunisian vegetable stew; a medley of veggies, couscous, and sweet potatoes in a rich tomato gravy.
The waitress was lovely and the food delicious with quick service.
One of my first times having korean food.
I bought the gluten-free dairy free soy free egg free chocolate chip cookies - delicious!!
Walking in, the amount of sights and smells of food can be overwhelming!
This is a great place to stop in toronto if you're looking for fresh cheese, meats, seafood and the likes.
Definitely a huge selection of fresh food, and there are vendors who also offer food on the spot.
I heard the pierogies are great, and there is a seafood spot in the far back of the market.
The beef bulgogi was sooooo delicious.
The food we delicious and very much to our liking.
Other than that we were extremely happy with the food and will be coming back again!
Darn good sandwiches in an area that desperately needed a good food spot.
The shop is large and offers plenty of seating and the food kicks out quick.
I always come here for my deli meats, breads and cheese.
I love food, and even the act of grocery shopping is among my favorite things to do.
Very delicious, the vegetables were fresh, the burrito was stuffed full and the chick-un was not too overwhelming.
Overall i highly recommend this place for vegans looking for a delicious meal, even if eating with omnivores.
I have searched high and low for authentic korean food.
I lived in korea for awhile and became obsessed with the food.
Thankfully, i have food pepero to satisfy my cravings!
You get plenty of food for a low price.
Same with delirium tremens.
Terrific food and grocery store.
Food was quick and we loved our food.
Definitely well be back for the food and to see chris again.
Great little neighborhood store, with a pretty big selection of junk food and other things we all shouldn't be buying.
There's not much authentic korean food in charlotte and especially not in north carolina in general.
I've only tried the bibimbap, kim chi, fish cakes, and pickled vegetables.
It's one of those no frills places with really awesome food.
Prices are comparable to whole foods.
It's our "go to" neighborhood restaurant for fantastic food and service.
Also while you are here check out the wide variety of food they have for sale.
The price is correlative with the quality of food and of service!
If you like middle eastern food then you are missing out if you have never eaten here, seriously.
The food is amazing.
We all had the lentil soup which was absolutely delicious.
She was friendly, personable and a delight to be with.
It's still pricy, but for organic/healthy/"clean" food, it's worth your while!
I had the veggie avocado eggs benedict and it was so delicious!
I love whole foods and i enjoy coming here, i really don't like going anywhere else.
Whole foods with a vegan burger bar and basically a full craft beer bar.
Visit this whole foods for all your needs!
The aisle are well stock with ethnic food and good selection of frozen products.
Authentic korean food, it's a small dining area in the corner of a grocery store.
But you will not be disappointed if you are looking for good tasty authentic food.
Or, if you're like me, you can go have some indian food nearby at adisil or curry n cake.
Besides that, paymon's has a ridiculously large array of finger foods and drink specials.
A few drinks and all of this food only came out to $28.
Besides all the food and drinks specials, they do half off of hookah as well.
We did the wine & food pairing tonight.
Once you order, the food comes out in a reasonable amount of time.
I really love the eggs benedict & their orange juice is delicious as well.
Amazing prepared food and meat selection!
Fresh vegetables and fruit is delicious!!
Can't go wrong with their selection of sauces and international foods!
For under $10 you have a meal that's extremely filling and delicious.
I was in such a long withdrawal of authentic asian food that eating at pepero deserved 5 stars!
Moving from la to charlotte is quite an adjustment, especially when it comes to the food scene.
The food came out quickly, and it was delicious.
Fresh fruits and veggies at a super cheap price.
The food was delicious with a great variety.
Delicious chicken shawarma with an amazing creamy garlic sauce, and the hummus.
From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh.
Always have great steaks, ground beef, chicken, pork, bacon, and seafood.
Simple but quite nice place for korean food lovers.
I like coming here to grab fruits and vegetables real quick when i don't feel like going to smith's.
This is the place with the authentic tacos and mexican food.
Head to the back of this grocery store to the hot food counter.
But they are delicious!
Chipotle burritos will never be the same after you enjoy this delight.
Basically, the possibilities here are endless just in the hot food.
Big portions and good food, everyone who i bring here leaves happy
This is authentic korean food, most dishes are cheap , quick, and they're so nice!
Food is very new & refreshing.
The ' pot-o-bread' is adorable & very delish.
In love with the food of this place!!!
I must said that middle eastern food is my fav so i get a little fussy about it.
This was my first time exposure to korean food.
We ordered the spicy squid and seafood pancakes.
The seafood pancakes are a must have.
They have seafood pancakes in small or large size.
We didn't wait long for our food.
I was a little disappointed at how few places there were that served food to eat on the spot.
Hands down, the best food and service in las vegas.
I recently took my fiance there for lunch and and he's so picky about his food.
And the food... well it's probably the most mouthwatering selection of mediterranean cuisine in the entire state of nevada.
La tolteca has the best casual mexican food in az.
The carne asada is delicious and so is the roasted chicken.
The bakery is loaded with delicious sweets.
Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!
Delicious and the staff was very friendly.
Enjoyed a sandwich from shorty's food truck yesterday.
I love the decor at pita jungle but i can't make that justify the food prices.
Prices are low, food is good but check the hours before you go.
You really can't beat great prices for improved quality food in a beautiful, convenient location
The food never disappoints!
They sell a few re-branded american made japanese snacks and foods.
They have snack foods including candy and chocolate that even appeals to the american senses.
The cleanest and best layout for a whole foods i have seen.
Great place to try local beers and the grill inside cranks out some great food.
Wide selection of food at reasonable prices.
It's just breakfast food!
I have to say a little about the food.
:)  read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
First and foremost, i love shopping at whole foods.
I've shopped at plenty of whole foods stores throughout arizona, california, and london, uk.
I absolutely love this neighborhood and the culture and food.
Upon walking in i was greeted with a bright array of various fruits and veggies.
They're made from almond flour, they're the perfect sized treat, they're colorful, and the dreamy custard/jelly fillings are delicious!
This is very good middle eastern food.
It's got easy parking, good location, and great food and tea.
The athens fries are spectacular, i don' t think i have had any bad food at paymon's.
I am told it is very authentic and the food was incredibly delicious.
Food is reasonably priced, staff very friendly and helpful, and a neat little store is attached.
Get the pot of bread, it's delicious!
A 50 year old family run institution of sweet swimmin deliciousness.
However, the seafood was spectacular.
It is hard to find quality seafood in las vegas that isn't expensive.
Food was spot on.
): small house salad with chicken, fruit cup, and coconut water.
I heart my whole foods!!
They also have the largest selection of gas station food (taquitos, hot dogs, corn dogs, buffalo rollers).
The food was crafted with care and prepared fresh before us.
Overall the food is fresh and very tasty, it is prepared with care and attention to detail.
Good nice grocery  store with regular and organic food items.
Service was awesome, the portion sizes are huge for the money and the food tasted great i thought.
Sketchy atmosphere, but come here for the food.
I enjoy the take out section and the grocery selection of "healthy foods" i cannot find elsewhere.
The food is really good and reasonably priced.
Delicious food and fun atmosphere.
The food was delicious and it didn't take long after we ordered to receive our food.
Fresh fruits and vegetables..i got a small box, it was delivered at my front door early morning.
Enter your card into the machine, select your wine and pour, return to your table and delight your senses.
The entrance is on the side towards the building's rear, and it's surrounded by towers of boxes from food shipments.
I am however an expert on things that are delicious and this place is exactly that.
It is a happening area, great food, and a good spot for people watching!
I was wondering when we'd ever get a big bright supermarket that specializes in middle east and mediterranean foods.
There are lots of bins stocked full of very fresh and high quality vegetables and fruits.
Tons of kabobs, halal chicken, lamb shashlik, and a large assortment of fresh vegetables.
I absolutely love pusateri's for the high quality food and variety it offers.
Their banh-mis (vietnamese sandwiches) are inexpensive  - $3.75 each, i believe - and delicious.
They have a great staff and the food is always delicious.
Shopping at whole foods confirms the old saying that you get what you pay for.
Whole foods is the real deal when it comes to organic and non-gmo foods.
Smith's (kroger), albertsons, and all of the other conventional grocers only have a section or two containing such food.
The plates where huge and delicious, recommend the cinnamon french toast or the chicken and waffles.
This place makes really, really authentic mexican food.
The food is wonderful.
I am half middle eastern so i grew up on authentic arabic food.
It's the whole foods parking lot.
The food bar is hit or miss.
Thankfully, whole foods has everything ge used to have and more, which totally makes the extra shopping trip worth it.
And i have no idea how i just wrote so much about whole foods?
But they were extremely accommodating to my grandparents and the cake was delicious.
Super delicious food in this hidden gem!
Tucked in a corner behind the grocery store, delicious korean food is served up with a smile.
Every dish was delicious!
Fast service, cheap food and tasty.
If you like greek food, you will like it.
We enjoyed the egg white and grilled chicken omelette, sunrise burrito, and silver dollar pancakes with fresh fruit.
Take out is good food!
They seemed to have more to offer, i saw a sushi station in the deli.
Seafood is usually frozen but they don't de thaw it and pretend it's super fresh like your local grocery store.
Their unfrozen seafood like salmon and oysters are fantastic as well.
Very unique grocery store because of the size of their pre-made food section.
They make delicious pizzas, sushi, offer a huge salad bar and prepared food bar, and their selections are delicious.
Much better alternative to all the fast food places nearby.
Their lemon chicken salad (at the deli) is phenomenal, as well as their buffalo chicken pizza and crunchy sushi.
And you can use the food you purchase towards fuel perks (another reason to go for lunch).
For example, a plain waffle was like $9 but one with fruit was like $11.
We love going to this whole foods and travel farther to it just because of the massive selection.
Also the berries fruit cup-size, good for the men-- was a tad expensive for $7 but well worth the healthiness.
But the bakery was outstanding..lots of delicious goodies, cakes, etc.
Came here for seafood because some reviews say they have variety of seafood.
Most of the seafood they had was frozen and non frozen seafood was all wrapped in potion sizes.
Although, i would still choose to go to whole foods to get my seafood.
All the garlic was moldy last time we came, onions were covered in fruit flies the time before that.
Delicious pints and cartons of berries for 50 cents?
Pure produce delight on the inside.
So much fruit bought here for $3 total.
This place really made me think about the upsale price of food.
My picky kids like their food too!
Their exchange is very high for the price and their coffee (lavazza) is delicious!!
Service is excellent and the food is a notch above due to the spices they use.
But only for emergencies or specific items that i can only find at sprouts of whole foods.
I love whole foods when i'm in the mood for a decent premade meal that's decently healthy for you.
Lots of organic foods!
It's on the thin side but was very delicious.
Tons of flavor, delicious!!
Quality of food is great.
Since they were very busy i thought the quality of food would not be as good.
The cutest market i've ever been to with so many food options!
But we were still able to walk around and see the different types of food vendors and what they sold.
The amount of food and shops were basically endless!
Everything from big cuts of meat, cheese, bread, seafood and even kitchen wear!
They also have a downstairs part to it where they sell more food and souvenirs!
They have a pretty intensive menu full of good food with reasonable pricing!
The food discounts are minor, 10% here...15% there.
Great food and service.
Ask for ian at the seafood counter.
Lebanese food made right.
If it were dolled up like wholefoods,  hyvee or trader joes, it would be more expensive.
The food here is great and authentic.
Most of the time i come here to get food to go.
I ran in to walmart to pickup some dog food and only went in with a $40 walmart gift card.
When it came to check out, i had my two dog food items but the total came to $40.03.
My husband and i love korean food very much.
They are very delicious.
This is an authentic mexican grocery store with a deli and a taco cart.
Great selection of high quality meats, poultry, seafood, deli meats, etc.
The food was excellent!!!!
They are so many different types of food and it is all amazing.
Recommend it to anybody looking for a delicious lunch.
You can find pretty much anything from fresh meats, cheeses and produce to dozens of sauces and imported foods.
You also can't leave without trying foods from the taco stand in the back of the store.
It's the most authentic mexican food i've ever eaten and relatively inexpensive.
You can use cards at the register but not at the food stand.
It's high quality food and the portions are huge.
But if you can get past the pretension, this is a great place to buy food.
The steaks are to die for - i've had the new york strips here and they were so delicious.
They also have a solid selection of cheeses, crackers and breads,   the ready made food is also sooo good.
It's not cheap, but pusater's really does have some of the tastiest food in the city!
This place has everything you could ever want when it comes to food and at really good prices.
Plus the selection of exotic and international food you find here is unparalleled.
Fruits de mer et poissons également d'excellente qualité.
He genuinely cared that we got the right food for us and enjoyed what we had ordered.
The food took awhile and the servers left us alone but the food was amazing!
Southern food offerings like fried chicken & waffles, which comes with homemade cinnamon rolls --what i ordered.
Fresh food and a huge portion.
Pros:  great location, near south point casino, delicious omelette, great coffee, excellent service.
So glad that south chandler has a whole foods!
Great food, friendly employees and plenty of goodies.
Always love whole foods...haven't really noticed a price drop since mazon came on board but...oh well.
Astonishingly amazing food, nice, quiet location, and incredibly friendly staff who go out of their way to provide exceptional service.
Omg....it was so delicious.
The quality of the food is consistently excellent (legitimately south-asian flavours).
Very knowledgeable about 8 major food sensitivities, not just gluten but dairy-free, vegan, nut free, etc.
Their salad and hot buffet is excellent as well, with a good variety of prepared foods.
Which is wonderful because the food is so stinking good.
I love going to this farmer's market and seeing all the locally grown fruits and vegetables.
If you are into juicing fresh vegetables, and fruits, you must come here!
Family farmers need our support, now that large agribusiness dominates food production in  america.
Small family farms have a hard time competing in the food marketplace.
If you can handle not quite perfect fruits and vegetables, you can save a bunch shopping here.
Pancakes were very delicious & moist.
This place has better prices for their deli meats than no frills.
Great local spanish style food market.
I've lived in la for the past 2.5 years and this is probably the best middle eastern food i've had.
Definitely the place to go for some quick, delicious tacos.
Not to mention their french press coffee and their super delicious hash browns.
Bagel house bagels, dufflet cupcakes, mary's shortbread, house made pastries, gourmet food for take-away..
The coffee was also delicious.
The food is always good and the price is decent.
Ok so this would be your best place to go for inexpensive fruits, vegetables and meats.
The quality of the food items you buy are high.
Note: go to the prepared food counter and ask for chicharon youll love it
Pick up some paymon's athens fries seasoning to take home and make delicious dishes with it!
The food court and juice bar are a great addition to a supermarket.
I'm amazed at how cheap the food was, and very good too.
I love whole foods.
Best middle eastern food i've had hands down!
I ordered the combination plate - great variety of food and delightful flavors.
The food is delicious!!
If you cook middle eastern food they are also a grocery store.
Our experience expanded when we went to their restaurant.... now they have a food truck?!!
My mind is blown how great their food is and im so happy to see more vegetarian/vegan restaurants growing.
The food was delicious, my girlfriend and i really loved it.
The food is always excellent.
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink): 1 star:  never again.
2 stars:  poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
The lamb tongue is moist and well-seasoned and delicious.
Even my wife, who does not really enjoy middle eastern food, enjoys this place.
This place doesn't sell much non-korean asian food, which i think is great.
So much fun deliciousness, must thank james for designing such a wonderful hang out!
Well, this is a cute little mediterranean grocery store where you can buy unusual food and ingredients.
They sell a bunch of different stuff like canned goods, fresh vegetables, and even hookah pipes and coals.
Seasonal seafood offerings are smoked or alive.
They will also cook however you want your seafood before you take home like a whole dungeness crab.
During lunch hour, the cooked food stations can be pretty busy.
This is an amazing place to just go and get great tasting food.
There are many choices of food to eat there and many cool shops to get new and interesting things.
The finger food was good, nothing spectacular but good.
Lots of different stores and a wide variety of food.
This place is really delicious!
Whole foods satisfies an important niche and does some things very well.
A scratch off lottery machine in the lobby & there is a small deli eatery section too.
What is there to say that has not already been said about whole foods?
Awesome meat, seafood, beer, wine selection.
None of that soggy baby food tasting relleno you may find elsewhere.
There are fruit and fresh vegetable stands, bakeries, candy shops, different cuisines and fresh meat markets.
We come here for the grocery, and more importantly, the food!
The restaurant is known for the food, not the service.
They have a simple menu, hand cooked food, and cheap prices.
The labriola family has perfected their craft in fine italian imports and prepared foods.
They are pros at catering, preparing a holiday basket or just suggesting a delicious deli selection.
Food: cinnamon french toast was perfectly crisped, sweet, & fresh.
It can blow your mind and delicious simultaneously.
Excellent place to shop for food, meet your friends and associates in the community.
I like to spend money on food.
This place has the most food for a lot of money.
Authentic mexican food in lakewood ohio?
The menu has a variety of food ranging from fresh juices to waffles, breakfast burritos, pancakes, and omelettes.
It was delicious and flavorful.
I really really enjoy the food here, and love the people.
I shopped for groceries while i wait for my food, and i am never disappointed in the gyro.
I'm writing this review before i get my food as i can already tell it will be awesome.
The food has always been consistently good.
Awesome food, good people.
Best mediterranean food in vegas.
The fesejen  is delicious.
The rdy food area, the rainbow kale salad, curry chicken, everything is delicious and rdy to eat.
I hope they step their game up in the food area.
I know it seems weird but the corner deli inside this gas station is amazing!!!!!!!
I highly suggest unless you really need delivery going in to shop it's almost half price from grubhub.
Kind of a funky little place for a restaurant but the food is amazing, and you can't beat the price.
Our waiter was outstanding and the food was perfect.
Disclaimer: this was my first exposure to korean food.
The seafood noodle type soup was loaded with seafood.
And best part... it's all a ton of food.
-try all the sides that come out with your food.
The hot bar is awesome and so is the food selection.
I really love their deli roast chickens.
The food is great, the atmosphere is laid back and relaxing, and the service is always top notch!
Yes, whole foods was the closest so the logical place to stop.
Whole foods carry's everything.
But, for those who shop at whole foods, they already know that.
It small and the food is great for the price.
I would recommend it to anyone looking for good korean food.
This place is consistently delicious!!
The staff are friendly and welcoming to those who aren't familiar with vegan food.
Food is good, ambience is good, service is good, the only real complaint is the cost of breakfast.
I find the prices very reasonable for prepared food and the quality is better than most restaurants in the city.
This is a straight-up mexican food store.
I've had the  (bulgogi) and the  (galbi) they were both delicious!
Not too sweet and quite delicious.
Great selection of meat and veggies/fruits.
Fruits and veggies are abondant in varieties all year long.
Haven't tried pastor on any other meat delivery method, but i'm pretty sure they do burritos and maybe tortas now.
I used to live in the mediterranean and the food here is pretty spot on.
I don't complain about the prices, because the food, and health benefits, are worth it in the long-term.
I also like that there is no pharmacy in whole foods.
My love for whole foods resides in the organic salad bar, and prepared foods section.
Their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious, that eating salads anywhere else becomes tasteless.
My favorite prepared foods is their vegan general tso's "chicken".
Molly's sesame noodles on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared foods treat.
The secret to shopping at whole foods?
You won't see 10/$10 deals, because the food isn't crap, and you're not supposed to stockpile fresh foods.
And buy your dry stock at trader joe's or the east end food co-op.
I love whole foods.
Our food was served by another server - who we are guessing was either the owner or manager.
She was extremely pleasant, and the food was delicious.
The food was delicious, and with the exception of our one service experience, everyone else seemed very accommodating.
But the food was top notch.
In the long term, you will save in food, electronic and clothing!
Tiny butter cookies with sprinkles, dots of dried fruit, chocolate chips, on and on.
There are other things at st lawrence market, fresh flowers, enough food for an elegant homemade meal.
However , i recommend this place for last min plan for food or desserts.
Thier guacamole and salsas are delicious.
Best place to come when you are visiting vegas cheap great service and very very amazing food
Whole foods, how do i love thee?
-much more spacious than other whole foods i've been to.
The food is awesome here.
This is the best korean food i had ever.
The pepperoni bread was light, fluffy and delicious.
I've literally thought about those ravioli every time i have had italian food since.
Quality of fruits and veggies is excellent then before and the prices are still lower then the big chain stores.
Service was great and food was delicious, what more could you ask for.
The associate, jesse, who delivered my groceries to my car was the nicest!
I wasn't feeling so fantastic yesterday so i filled myself with fruits and veggies all day.
I got a huge bag of fruits and veggies for only $7.
If you want authentic korean food at a reasonable price this is the place to go.
I buy all of my deli meats from here and get them freshly sliced.
Imagine my surprise when an atlanta native who has also lived in dc finds (traditional) korean food in charlotte!
Good supermarket to find all your mexican food.
Though they mostly sell pita bread and other items, the small kitchen here can turn out some fast food.
The food has been good.
I love their selection of sushi-quality seafood.
(i feel unethical eating octopus, so i don't get it as often, but it's so delicious.)
I can't vouch as much for the other seafood because i only buy the things i like.
(however their selection of perishables and ethnic food does not beat woodmans.)
Excellent food and huge servings...worth every penny.
I used to ship at whole foods, and literally cut my grocery bill by 2/3 because of sprouts.
I drive 30 min to go to this particular whole foods.
I probably get most of my toiletries, meat, and veggies from whole foods!!
I love coming here to eat regular korean food because it just feels homey and the food comes out quick!
Their seafood pancake used to be better, but still good.
They have gone through a lot of chefs over the years, but food is still up to par.
Some of my favorite menu items are the kalbi tang, bulgogi dubop, and seafood tofu soup.
This is pretty good korean food especially in the area that i live in!
Compared to all the whole foods that i have been to this is the best.
Dear whole foods parking lot - i miss you!
I miss you roomy aisles, and giant food bar!
Someone told me about a great whole foods somewhere near la, but i forgot...
What can you say about pepero that has not already been said, great food in a dive korean grocery store.
We drive 30 minutes for our korean food fix and never leave disappointed and always stuffed!
Love the rice cakes and the spicy pork with vegetable these are our go to dishes.
Food is really good.
I keep going back though in hopes that they'll improve to match the food.
We had the "bul nak jeon gol" (beef & octopus  with vegetables in casserole, and mandu.
Great service and good food.
The interior does remind me of the whole foods market and i absolutely fell in love with this market.
Then it's off to the bakery, bread, fruits and vegetables section.
Food in my party of 6 was okay except the homemade hash!
A wide selection of groceries and fresh vegetables, fruits etc.
The food itself was mediocre, not anything i haven't experienced already.
I shall return to try more of their delights!
How about we slap some real authentic delicious tacos inside your mouth then see how you feel.
The food is good, but not exceptional.
Prices are great food is better.
Clean, great fruit and vegetables, wine selection is outstanding.
Absolutely amazing food and service!
Always a good experience and a great time for my family and i to come have a delicious meal together.
Great food for sure but that is it.
The service is unusually good in a place like this and  the food comes out fast and delicious.
I have had about half of the food on this menu and have never been disappointed.
Come to haji's to be full and chat with some friends over good food.
My fajitas were delish!
Their deli is good with plenty of vegan options.
All in all, a great whole foods, though.
Delicious food, friendly staff, unique experience, and a store to boot!
The steak and eggs were delicious not too big or too small.
The food comes fast and my orders have always been right.
One of the best whole foods i've been to.
Fantastic selection of healthy and vegan ready to eat foods.
I wish we had a whole foods like this in texas!
As usual the group that attended was awesome and the food and wine was yummy.
I like their bread in a pot & fresh squeezed orange juice to compliment my food.
Fab place to go, to get a variety of foods.
Great to not have to prepack any snacks: food is available in every direction you turn.
Small store, but stocked with everything you'd need, plus some interesting items i haven't seen at other health food stores.
I loved the variety of food such as veggies, fruit, meats, hot food, knick knacks and baked goods.
Lf is a decently sized market that carries a variety of asian foods i.e.
The waffle was delicious and they used real maple syrup with cinnamon sticks inside the bottle.
The service was fast and delivered with a smile.
This place has great mediterranean food!
The food is a good price, and it is a lot of food that they give you.
The service isn't amazing, but it is true ethnic mediterranean food.
This is the best middle eastern food in the tempe area for sure, not to mention the most affordable!
They have a large store with extensive selections of asian foods from every country in asia.
Amazingggg vegan food and even better service!
Best vegan food in the city.
People were selling food, raw fish, souvenirs and more.
I was very hesitant to go and was sure i wouldn't like middle eastern food.
The food is great.
I don't like tobacco, but i do like the food here.
Tucked away in a market, this place services excellent middle eastern food.
Food is tasty and the decor is fun and quirky and a great place for family breakfast.
There's a huge variety of food to choose from that will definitely cater to anybody's food taste!
The best part is that we get the same delicious food and great service.
Also they carry looza fruit nectars which are by far the best juices around.
I have a hankering for all food of the middle east and these guys know how to throw down.
The food is amazing.
- apple cake at sweet everythings... super delicious and moist.
The eggs were a soft medium poach and they were delicious !!
Tons of fruit and veggies for $27.00!!
We haven't made major adjustments in the food budget to incorporate our newfound stance into getting quality ingredients.
My husband and i just want to say that everything from the service to the food was amazing!!
Real good food and fast friendly service.
It's obvious management is attempting to address customer service in the delivery as well.
Solid 5 stars for being one of the only korean restaurants in the queen city and having good food.
It's delicious and hearty.
A regular albertsons will sell gluten free items for almost double the price i can find at whole foods.
The fruit is all organic and so fresh!!!!
I like the charleston location but the hot food section where you can create a plate is very limited.
But overall whole foods is my favorite grocery store!
Pepero is the best place for korean food in charlotte.
The food is always fresh and excellent!!!
National geographic agrees, touting it the best food market in the world.
It's a true foodies paradise.
Downstairs has a ton of fresh-made food vendors and other interesting doodads and gifts.
The food was so delicious and the service was good enough that i would definitely come back.
I would give a 5 star, but the service wasn't as amazing as the food.
Food is better than anything fast food and now they are delivering alcohol through www.pikfly.com.
The wait can be hectic when it's busy but the food is worth it.
The food was incredible.
The food was amazing and we will make stopping here on our way out of vegas a tradition;)
The ground floor mainly consists of stores selling meat, seafood, vegetable, cheese and greek food.
Downstairs sell dry groceries and snacks like pastry, pizza and other cultural food.
Pastries from this place is amazing gracefully delicious!
Whole foods in wexford is great.
They're prepared foods are fantastic and the hot and cold foods bars have an enormous selection.
It is a great place to stop for a bite to eat instead of fast food.
They've got a really good meat & sea food selection.
The best middle eastern food in the valley!
Has a great deli/bakery section with lots of nice wraps & salads and such.
The food cafe at this market district is wonderful.
Good price for the food.
The food is amazingly well flavored.
I would highly recommend to anyone interested in healthy and delicious asian food.
I'm always there to pick up a green smoothie or some fresh vegetables and fruit.
This place specializes in steak and eggs by the way, which my three companions ordered and took great delight in.
Fantastic selection of bulk health foods at great prices.
Just this week i had a boars head provolone sub on a bakery hoagie roll, delicious.
Paymon's has consistently excellent food and service.
The food is always fresh and delicious.
Love it..cheap, delicious and fresh food..
Big portions and yummy food.
We got our food so quickly and alex and francisco (the servers) were so nice!
Fresh fruit and veg, top quality meats and pastries, unique jewellery and gifts.
I buy a specific brand of shampoo and laundry detergent from whole foods that i can't find elsewhere.
Every time i'm in vegas, this place always delivers.
I highly recommend the "bread pot" it was absolutely delicious and a fine addition to what ever you might order.
From a variety of fresh farm-raised non-caged chickens to a easy-to-cook soy bean curd to fresh vegetables.
Your prices are great and your items are delightful!
I come here to grab my favorite sweet treats and fresh fruit juice!
They have a taco/chicken/food ready to order stand!
Head here early, to try and catch all the amazing food vendors before they close!
Delicious food and great service.
Then it was the only whole-foodish game in town, but it was expensive.
That said, i'm looking forward to whole foods opening in summer 2012 - bring on the competition!
The food is trendy cool brochettes and boards of different types.
Their bread is delicious and freshly baked.
I spread my food dollars around but woodman's probably garners about 65% of my food budget.
Outstanding food, fun atmosphere (servers are dressed in pajamas) and pancakes to die for.
I am a total whole foods junkie and i need to get my fix at least once a week.
This whole foods is also a really nice place for a glass of wine and some nibbles.
This place is pretty delicious... but expensive...
Delicious food, great people, friendly service and great message!
I had a combo (tamale, taco, tostada) which was too much food.
Great service, great selection, great food - and they have sandwiches?
This place is a great balance of grocery store and deli.
Fantastic selections of healthy, delicious foods and snacks.
Oh how i love the food choices here--from kombucha to almond milk ice cream this place rocks.
I also enjoyed their smoothies, to go lunch sandwich specials and the deli of prepared foods.
Excellent service and excellent food.
Love the coffee, always have fresh fruits and berries.
The bagel and cream cheese is also delicious.
If you want something healthier the omelets are also delicious.
It's a cool, funky little deli with the best vibe.
Fresh produce and plenty of healthy snacks, like nuts, desserts, fruits and even sushi; which is a very nice option.
The food was great as usual and my server was very friendly and attentive to my tables needs.
It all tasted delicious and was very fresh.
Our bill came to about $32, which i thought was a great price for the amount of food your getting.
They have good food and service.
Staff was good and food was great.
Unassuming place with really good food.
Ever wonder why small specialty shops that have a deli and/or restaurant have the best food?
Their food is not gourmet.
What it is...is the look and taste of carefully prepared traditional food that these folks would eat at home.
Their food brings back memories from when i was a kid.
I now appreciate the savory flavors and blends of herbs and spices that goes into making their food.
Produce is always high end and so is the deli and butcher.
There are a lot of little food shops selling cheese, meats, wines, desserts, and bakeries selling fresh bread and pastries.
I haven't tried the italian food, but the mediterranean and greek food are really good.
The quality of the fruits, vegetables, milk, is great and they have a good selection of cheese and ethnic food.
Seafood also very fresh.
The food is basic, and fresh, and tasty.
But the food rocks.
I love this food lion so much!
This food lion features a redbox, western union, and a machine to exchange coins to cash.
Sorso's bruschetta delivers a flavor profile that will not disappoint.
I got the bread in a cup which is delicious.
But through absolute organics it's not only more affordable but super convenient to snack on delightful organic produce.
Are super easy) or, if you want/need to cancel your delivery it's no problemo.
It's always delivered on time and in practically perfect condition.
Since they deliver produce year round, not all of the items are locally grown.
One of my favorite food destinations in town!
This is my go to destination for middle eastern food.
I added the desired toppings and proceeded back to the seating area and ate my delicious tacos.
Whole foods has been accommodating #evfn for several months now.
Typically, they are well prepared for us giving us discounts on food and beverages.
The food was served and the meal was excellent!
Very inexpensive delicious food.
Definitely go here if you want good greek food!!
The prices are cheaper than whole foods and the selection is a little better on most things.
I love the fact the deli carries boar's head brand meats/cheeses.
Sort of like the silly phrase, "i eat seefood, i see food and i eat it".
He didn't question my selection of burger joints, i didn't question his selection of middle eastern food.
This is the place to go for korean food!!
All the food is always served with fresh yummy sides.
The chef is japanese, pretty cool that she can cook such good thai food.
The prepared foods are always fresh and made daily .
Busy, friendly service, good food, super cheap prices, awesome lemonade.
The food has always been consistently good.
Great authentic food, and the service is excellent.
The food we tried was all very good.
It was like a slice of a delicious casserole.
The food was fabulous.
The meat and fish selection is very fresh and delicious.
The food is absolutely amazing.
Everything from scratch and just good clean food.
It always looks red and delicious.
Bj's supermarket in little india is one of the bigger food markets/grocery stores in the area.
The food was delicious.
We were walking off an excellent bowl of pho and found a small store that supplied mediterranean food.
I am going back for the spices, great prices on fresh vegetables and more i am sure.
Always delicious mediterranean food!
We have been here a few times now and the food is always on point.
We all ordered hummus and baba ghanoush (which is delicious!)
All the food was very good, as always.
This place was delicious and fun.
Haji baba is has great  middle east food.
Try kofta with tabbouleh and humous with  bread it's very delicious.
Meat market w/ great quality authentic mexican food yum!!!
I usually don't have any issues with the food spoiling, just buy reasonable amounts and come in frequently.
I think the most i've ever spent on a cart full of food from here has been $13.
Thai green and yellow curry are my new go-to comfort food.
Hand -made quality food.
Don't be discouraged by it's looks as the customer service and food is super duper wonderful!
I haven't found a recipe to match this food, but the food is like my "comfort food".
The fruits & veggies are as good as i would select myself, and their customer service is wonderful.
Lots and lots of great food to chose from.
Lol unfortunately the food hall is closed on sundays!!!!
Really irritating as you only have saturday to go if you're needing that weekend food shop.
If you are looking for organic, local, healthy foods and products, this is the store for you.
It's definitely worth a few extra dollars to know my family is eating the best food available in las vegas.
I've eaten here a lot, and it always delivers quality food.
I think it's interesting that i can't find better middleeastern /mediterranean food at any price than this dirt-cheap half-grocery store.
This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.
Great prices and delicious food!
I love the whole atmosphere of the place, not to mention the yummy food it always provides!
I think what i appreciate the most about this place is the huge deli and prepared foods section.
It is a place that you go for good food.
The south building has every category of food that you want to take home and prepare.
I normally hate food shopping, but it is a pleasant experience, and i feel better when i am in there.
However, their salsa bar is top notch and their food is delicious.
The staff is always very pleasant, and the food is always good.
Also on right corner they have little corner ( not very little ) cafe where you are served food.
I am very happy with the service and food quality.
Well, i have now received four deliveries from nature's garden delivered.
As advertised, the produce is delivered before 7 a.m.
The quality of the food is top notch.
This whole pre-determined "food box" thing concerned me at first.
Bottom line: i highly recommend nature's garden delivered.
I came about 35 minutes after i ordered the food.
I was fine to eat the food...
I was very appreciative..(i just always have a fear of cooks doing something to the food in orders like these.)
But i accepted and it was quite delicious.
It you are in the area, they have consistently good breakfast food and always seem to be pretty busy.
I love mediterranean food and i have been looking forward to trying paymon's.
Friendly place with above average food and very large portions in an easy location for us suburbanites .
They have pre-packaged prepared foods as well as a counter where they will make food for you on order.
For food, we started with the piccolo, which is an assortment of meats, cheeses and olives served with french bread.
Great food, great atmosphere, great wine!
They still have the food bar to make your own lunches etc or take home pre cooked for dinner.
Every single thing is delicious here.
I go here for my monthly freshly made deli sandwich for lunch.
The food is excellent and tastes authentic.
Bath room was clean.food was hot.and good.
All the food has good flavor.
Various interesting stuff including chips fruits special beer ... bought vanilla flavor beer and maple bacon chips
There's so much selection of pre-prepared foods, the deli and bakery is just mouth watering when you pass by.
It was also very delicious.
Food was amazing, service friendly & prompt (love that they're in their pj's too!).
All the food looks so pretty as it comes out and is huge portions while still being flavorful and fresh.
Deli personnel can use some fine tuning,  about half of them .
I must first admit, that i love whole foods like no other.
Or at least i thought i loved whole foods, until i discovered trader joe's.
I love tasty vegetarian/vegan food, but find the long drive to my closest whole foods a pain.
Great service, quaint environment, and delicious food.
Been going here for years and have yet to be disappointed by the food or service.
Best korean food i have had in my life...
The food was amazing, i will come back here if i am ever in this area again!
Visit this restaurant if you enjoy flavorful and spicy foods, you won't regret it.
Also it is connected to a little shop that has all types of korean things from food to hair dye!
All our food was steaming hot and spread out on the table.
This is my favourite place to get persian food.
This isn't really a restaurant but more of a food vendor inside a supermarket.
You can order your food, and explore some exotic ingredients while you wait for your kebobs to be cooked.
If you don't want stews or meat, they also have some vegetarian options like rice topped with vegetables.
One major turn off for me with middle eastern food is that sometimes their rice is swimming in oil.
Overall, the food is delicious and the price points are highly acceptable.
The food was amazing.
I'm not from the area and seem to be lost when it comes to finding a nice italian deli.
They have wonderful prepared foods, awesome for lunch with their great sandwiches and wraps.
What makes this dish so good and delicious is i think the way haji-baba marinates and grills the chicken.
Best whole foods in the valley.
This is a foodie paradise.
Great food, coffee and service.
This traditional market has something for every palate though very little seating areas to enjoy the food you just purchased.
This place is delicious!
This restaurant has some of the best food and customer service in town, you will not be disappointed!!
From sashimi quality seafood to their creative and enticing cake displays, pusateri's offers the very best.
The noodle soup with beef/egg = lots of flavor and enough food for 3 people.
Want to try the kimchee or seafood soup next visit.
If you enjoy quality foods then this is the place for you.
We are in town for 4 days and will be back here daily to try the many different delicacies.
The handmade pita is wonderful and the food is usually good.
Update, i went there a couple weeks ago and everything was hot or cold as it should be and delicious!!!!!
A great market, full of fresh meat and seafood.
Wow  the place was amazing it's one of the nicest food stores i've ever seen while traveling.
So, five stars for whole foods!
Great place to eat lunch as well as but wonder meat, cheeses, fish, veggies and fruit.
1 of 2 places i know of in charlotte to get korean food, and both are inside of markets.
Good variety of filipino food.
This review is for the deli and takeout food department.
Good variety of asian grocery food.
There is good vegetable selection.
Whole foods cold salad bar has two types of quinoa and two types of kale.
Whenever i drove up to phoenix, i would stop at this whole foods especially when it first opened.
And it was delicious!
Giant chicken breast was crunchy and delicious and the belgian waffle was light,  flavorful and prepared perfectly.
Being on a mostly-vegetable diet, i was intrigued by the reviews.
After my first visit today, my wife and i have determined that this will be our weekly vegetable shopping place.
Small wait times and big delicious plates.
- unique bulk foods section.
We buy everything from tires to clothes to food here.
Most snacks and food are cheaper just with the regular costco price.
I consider sprouts the little brother of whole foods.
They have a sale on almost everything regularly so budget tight individuals delight!
The fruit is fresh.
I grew up eating lebanese food so this little place is like a taste of home.
The food is outstanding and priced very reasonably.
They have food ready to go including really tasty sandwiches and sides.
You must come by on saturday mornings for their delicious donuts- they are homemade and so fresh!
Great food and service!
There is a lot of asian food here just like the costco up the street.
I have been ordering my birthday cakes from this location and each cake is delicious.
Great food and fantastic service
Great place, excellent food.
The servers are super nice and friendly and the food is consistently fantastic.
I usually get the falafel sandwich which is super inexpensive and delicious.
With their wonderful on-line menu to the delivery and overall taste.
My food was cooked to perfection.
The food actually tasted better since they weren't crazy busy.
On yelp, i kept seeing everyone post the cup of bread and of course.... it was delicious!
Awesome food and awesome service.. i would totally recommend this place to everyone.
Their produce area) but bonus star for the the lady who does all the food demonstrations.
The deli/juice employees sometimes have language barriers, but the bright smiles are all i need to see.
Selection: wow....they have a huge selection of all-natural/organic foods.
The one thing that bothers me (hence the 4 stars and not 5) is turn the deli dept took.
I recently found out that they no longer make their food "in-house" and they get it shipped there.
Also, some of my deli faves are now seasonal, so i can't always get what i want.
Yes, i know whole foods is evil and any real, self respecting hippie wouldn't be caught dead shopping here.
The food is amazing.
I enjoyed books, some japanese food i can't find...
It is too bad i couldn't try frozen food!!!
The food was outstanding (definitely order the tutto!
And lauren really helped with figuring out how much food to order initially.
Tucked away from the main street in a quiet courtyard/garden area, the atmosphere and service were delightful.
Coming from my doctors appointment j decided to stop by and see what's happening before i went to whole foods.
There is also roasted vegetables in the wrap too.
It is pricey, definitely similar to whole foods.
I get cheap food that's good at the time then you feel like death later.
The quality of the food at haji-baba is parallel to high end middle eastern restaurants, its fantastic.
I cannot recommend this place enough so good, so delicious and the price doesn't factor into the quality at all!
The building isn't amazing but the food is to die for.
The several types of baklava are delightful treat.
But the food is awesome.
Had the gyro plate- tons of food (enough for leftovers) and the rice is to die for.
So many delicious things to eat here.
So many delicious cheeses to choose from.
The deli meat section: ginormous!
Hot food section: hard to pass up.
Great food, great customer service, reasonable prices, very clean.
When someone doesn't care how far they have to drive to eat your food, you know you have a fan!
Authentic mediterranean food in a modest setting.
Don't let the outer appearance of the building dissuade you, the food is seriously delicious!
Overall, a great casual place to get some really good, fresh and healthy food for a great price.
The selections were fantastic and i bought some fruit, cheese, and meat to take back to our room to make.
It was delicious and the vendors at the market were very kind and helpful.
Thanks to the whole foods bakery crew for having great cakes for people like me that do things last minute.
My husband and i eat a lot of fresh fruits and veggies which can be very pricey.
So this is a typical mom and pop shop selling killer food.
Our first time to the hub of middle eastern food, or so it seemed.
Having just returned from the middle east, we were searching for some authentic food and found it here!
The store has a nice deli, and there were a lot of freshly prepared salads and side items available.
The service at the deli was prompt and courteous, and i was quickly on my way.
The prepared foods continue to amaze.
The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed, and the food was phenomenal!
I have been getting fresh fruit and vegetables from them for over a year and have had a great experience.
Nice people, a beautifully designed space and really good food.......
I got some elk stew meat which was delicious in a stew we made.
We order a lot of food and most of it was good- mainly the chicken wings.
They also had a few food stands that sold tasty food.
Gumbo and lobster sandwich from busters seafood cove.
The sandwich came with a pickle (delicious) and fries.
The gumbo was delicious though.
The name says pure vegan food but i was shocked to see non-veg items on the menu.
There was a friendly reply saying they are vegan food but they resemble non-veg food .
Can a vegan food be made so well resembling non-veg with no compromise in taste.
Great store, helpful staff, awesome food,  yoga pants and more.
My favorite is the triple chocolate marble bundt cake- so moist and delicious icing plus mini chocolate chips throughout.
You have the same delicious food, wide selection of beverages, and inviting atmosphere.
Uptown has plenty of coffee shops, delis, bars, and convenient stores.
The st lawrence market is a food lovers haven.
Cheeses, meats, breads, fruits, veggies, you name it..they have it.
Come for happy hour, the prices are good for drinks, hookah and food.
An italian foodie paradise in aspinwall!
The food was delicious and the staff was very nice.
We will be going there again because the food was amazing!!
The food is the best.
Other than that, this is a great whole foods location.
Overall, this is a fantastic whole foods location.
Bulgogi was a little sweet for my taste, but the seafood pancakes were excellent.
Nan and co. are wonderful humans who make delicious food.
A great place to buy any ingredients to make foods that are indigenous to the hispanic culture.
They have a plethora of items to choose from including fresh produce, frozen foods, staples, art, clothing and the like!
Phenomenal service, delicious food and great prices!
Service was quick as always and food was generous and good as we remembered.
Yearning mediterranean food at an inexpensive amount?
Amazing food, unbelievable ambiance.
The local food lion appears to be of 70's vintage and is postage stamp sized in comparison (but ok still).
It's two floors, the first being the produce/seafood/meat, while downstairs is generally smaller markets, bakeries, food stalls, and spice shops.
I highly recommend the seafood here, you can already see the quality by just the color and smelling it.
I love buster's sea cove too, it's on the first floor and is basically seafood fast food.
I once came hungry (bad idea), and i was trying to buy deli meat.
Even the food is pretty tasty.
I go once a week to get fruits and veggies for the week.
We just moved south, so this is the closest whole foods to us now.
The bar-b-que food at the smokehouse grill leaves a lot to be desired.
The food is extremely authentic.
Service was great and prices are beyond fair for the amount of food you get.
If you're craving mediterranean food, this is the spot for sure.
Finally a meat market in charlotte that offers one of my favorite foods.
Delicious and such a welcome addition to the neighbourhood.
This place has some really good and healthy middle eastern food.
Overall, great food and server was pretty attentive.
Delicious food, great wine selection, and cool atmosphere!
Been to the market district café a couple times for breakfast and it's been great--huge delicious portions.
It was incredible--served over rice with sautéed fresh vegetables.
I've been missing california and the mexican food back home, but this right here is top 5!
You must either cook or freeze the fruits and veggies within a day or two but it's always worth it.
The staff is incredibly friendly and the food is amazing.
As usual the food was excellent.
Love the food will definitely make this a favorite breakfast stop
They have the best service, big variety of food, and they have a marketplace next to the restaurant.
You can even buy grocery with food!
If you want to get bigger selection, then go to haji baba international foods.
However, whole foods vegan carrot cake is to die for.
I also tried their mini fruit tarts when i was there, because i couldn't resist.
Deli serves great foods.
The fruit was very fresh and the bacon was nice and crisp.
This is the only place my family and i will even go for middle eastern food.
I should also mention the well stocked deli.
This delicious greek wine is non-existent in my former home, new orleans.
Really good and authentic korean food.
They provide large portions of quality food for a reasonable price.
I love whole foods.
The hot and cold food bar has quite the selection with anything from baked tilapia to marinated artichokes and beyond.
If you have any sort of allergy or dietary need, whole foods will be able to fulfill it.
Gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, peanut allergy, soy allergy, you name whole foods has got the food to suit your needs.
I buy mostly organic food and find this store has the best selection of organic produce.
Voted #1 food market by national geographic?
Food: -pierogies from european delight: these are like the eastern european version of an asian dumpling and they were cheap!
The food is great and a nice variety of drinks(of course i only drink wine).
Plus they have two isles that are dedicate to foods from around the world.
It's a decent market, lots of options for food and various sundries.
Great food and fast but don't try the pomegranate juice if you haven't had it before.
The food is pretty good, and they gave you 6 side dishes for 2 pplz.
The happy hour prices are great and the appetizer quite delicious.
One half of haji-baba is a small, tightly packed ethnic food store.
The restaurant side delivers good, authentic food at acceptable prices.
With that being said , i really enjoy this place for it's delicious food and large portions.
They have fresh squeezed juice(green go-go is delish), smoothies, french pressed coffee.
Great selection of food, drinks, snacks, wine and beer.
My favorite thing is the enormous buffet of prepared foods and spacious eating areas inside & out.
But i'm happy whole foods even exists in vegas.
This review is for the buffet at whole foods.
The food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick, healthy lunch on-the-go.
Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food.
Usually kimchi, soup and a couple other different vegetables.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service!
I had the texas toast style french toast and it was delicious!
I'm a big fan of mediterranean food.
Love fresh salads and flavorful food.
I can't forget the bread and prepared foods
Staff here is always friendly and helpful, and the ready-made food is delicious!
I stocked up on some delicious korean-style cheetos snack which is my absolute favorite, try it if you haven't already!
Then there's some snacks and dry food in the middle, with sauces and tools near the back of the store.
There is a huge range of vegetables and fruits at a very adorable price.
Affordable fruits and veggies as well as local stuff like salsa and cheese curds.
And brought about $70 worth of fruits and veggies home for a friend and i.
All their vegan goodies are delicious  the staff is always so friendly and attentive.
This place was so delicious!
Always fresh food and friendly vendors.
Delicious prepared foods as well as a huge selection of mexican and latin american grocery options.
This place is a gem for great iranian food.
The staff is really friendly and will answer all your questions in regards to the food.
They have a great selection of fruits and vegetables and organic if you choose to go that route.
All the rest of te food i think is always a bit pricey.
Nice maple syrup, beautiful french pressed coffee, the nice bread in the pot....delisious!
We had lunch at the deli side and ordered the brisket... delicious!
Also, i saw some bread with mold spots on it near the hot food area.
3  cheer for fresh organic vegetables and fruit!
Food basics please post a giant sign on your windows informing that organic produce is available.
Amazing food, big portions, super friendly owners.
So i went to the service counter in the deli area and asked for 2 chicken breast.
The ground floor mainly consists of stores selling meat, seafood, vegetable, cheese and greek.
Downstairs sell dry groceries and snacks like pastry, pizza and other cultural food.
It's really good food and very authentic tacos and food there...
I've had great lobster bisque and other sea food here, and today i had fresh ravioli.
The food, wine and atmosphere are great and reasonably priced.
The decor, atmosphere, service, and food are all top notch.
These reviews are spot on about the quality of service and food.
Haji baba is the best middle eastern food i've had without question.
Now keep in mind, she's not very open minded when it comes to trying new foods.
The have sushi, salad bar, and a food bar.
The box was delivered as promised and all of the produce was fresh and in season.
All fruit/ all veg/ mix.
Food is amazing as always.
This is hands down the best whole foods in arizona.
They are a good price for all of the fruit and veggies they throw in them.
Which i can't say for every other whole foods i have tried to buy sandwiches at.
It may cost you more to shop at whole foods, but its definitely worth the extra money.
The food is still amazing, fresh and tasty!
I went to whole foods to look for a cheese and fruit platter.
My next stop today was whole foods to replenish my vitamins.
Plain in simple if you like mid-eastern food go here you won't regret it.
They give generous portions and it is delicious.
The food is very good and price is reasonable.
We would love to go again for the food annd its reasonable price!!
Loved this place, food is delicious and everyone so attentive.
Very affordable, huge array of fruits and veggies and friendly staff.
They sell delicious products.
They offer such a wide variety of meat and seafood and other products as well.
Excellent korean food - simply the best i've had around the world.
My weekly go-to grocer still remains whole foods for its devoted organic selections.
A market district aims at higher end foodie clientele than your regular ge.
Fellow yelper foodies please help encourage them!
Can't find this anywhere, whole foods, trader joes, heinen, alecsi's, molisana's.
- perch: can't find at whole foods, the reason being "we can't find reliable source that conforms to our standard".
Love, love, love, love... the quality, the reliability (delivered on thanksgiving), the flexibility, and the convenience!
Always fully stocked with alot of food and house supplies.
Pepero is the best place to get authentic korean food in charlotte.
It will be fresh and delicious!
Great food at a great price.
They get some really good deal on fruits and they are never the same.
A little overpriced but the food is definitely good.
Whole foods never disappoints with a great ambience.
Prepared foods are also tasty and staff are very friendly.
The food here is sooo good and sooo reasonably priced and with big portions!
Went with a party of 8 and everyone loved their food.
Love the deli section but recently they have made some changes to the beer selections i don't like.
Everything is just fruity and apple cider types.
Discounted fruits and vegetables.
Love to can and preserve food and we get to for some great prices.
There is literally no other place you can go to find cheaper food in madison.
Woodman's is the low price king of food, bathroom stuff, booze, and yes, even condoms.
Let's talk about food, bathroom stuff (personal hygiene), and condoms.
Now onto the food and such.
Even with their ethnic food selection, you can find a great deal of variety at this store.
Asian food, mexican food, and other stuff too!
My only complaint with the food is that the produce isn't always up to snuff.
Remember to go here for food, booze, personal hygiene stuff, and of course, condoms   -only debit & cash.
The salsa is delicious.
Overall, this place is a great value with delicious food and wonderful service.
I ended up getting a most delicious grilled chicken cobb salad.
This is a foodie's heaven.
Great real mexican "street" food and such items.
I come almost once a week for fresh fruit and veggies.
Was in on september 1st and had server ashley silva, the service was excellent and so was the food.
I love how costco is getting more into the organic industry and real food unlike the tv commercial food.
The food is great (order the lamb tongue sandwich - trust me) and the prices are unbelievable.
The service is heat, the food is amazing.
The prices are quite high for deli section, but it is understandable for using organic ingredients.
Super out of the way on residential street, but that prepared foods section was awesome!
Out-of-season fruits are always expensive but all of the produce in the store looked like they were great quality.
That being said, can't wait to go back and try more of the prepared foods!
Great food and great service.
Food came out quick, and it was delicious.
This place has awesome food but it's a hole in the wall.
We eat here often though bcuz we love the food and prices are good too!
The food is so good!
Because when i finished the entire plate, i was feeling the food coma effect.
I do like that they have an aisle for asian foods.
The pot of bread is delicious.
Without this whole foods i would be an unhappy camper...
They have a great deli and an outstanding selection of baked goods.
The butcher's market has #allthemeats and lots of amazing looking seafood, too.
Delicious, healthy, wholesome food.
There are very few seats to eat in, but the food is absolutely delicious!
The food was great.
Can watch your food being made, line moves very quickly for the rushed lunch crowd.
There's that part of the store where you can order from the buffet, pizza area, asian food, or sandwiches.
Top it off with a delicious avocado and you're good to go!
They also have a great selection of hot foods.
Customer service was good, though the hot food counter did get a bit backed up.
However, that could be expected in light of the quality of the food and the kebabs being cooked to order.
This is a very well stocked whole foods in pittsburgh.
I really like the way the fruits and veggies are stacked, it's different.
We often find ourselves there at lunch time visiting their hot foods and salad bar.
The prices are fair for high quality foods.
The food was epic - large portions, clearly extremely fresh and cooked with care and attention to detail.
Still great food, but prices have gone up considerably.
Still worth checking out if your in the area and in the mood for good middle east food.
I love everything about it, the service is great, the food is amazing.
Carries mainly all persian (iranian) foods.
If you are in the area do try the food.
Great for all your health food/baking needs.
Blowing us away with outstanding food.
This quaint little place, i would say about 30 seats is such a delight.
It also came with bread, dates, walnuts, and a fruit mustarda.
Deli section/sandwich review only.
Can't wait to try other food from here.
Plus their vegetable selection is pretty darn good, too.
Food was very good but kind of pricy for a small strip mall restaurant.
La tolteca is probably the most interesting mexican food restaurant in phoenix.
The food is fantastic.
You can get some real authentic food here.
If there are mexicans in a mexican food restaurant, it is always a good sign!
The food and service are great.
The food took a while to come out, other than that it was great.... will be back agai n
Very pleased to see a number of great selections - fresh veggies, cheeses, pizzas, seafood (get the scallops!
Well she knows her mom loves international food so we headed to paymon.
Wow, who knew they could fashion a gorgeous and delicious wedding cake?
Great little grocery store that has delicious and tasty food.
This is definitely one of the better whole foods i've been to!
My boyfriend and i dined there for burgers and beer and it was delicious!
Inside they have a lot of hot food and soda options.
Great food and service.
I love holes-in-the-wall and the food here is fantastic.
Prices are excellent for the amount of food you get.
I almost always purchase boars head meats from the deli here.
The staff that works in the deli area are great, friendly and efficient.
Food was great and service was excellent.
Walking in i sense aromatic food items!
I am being forced to yelp on whole foods by my wife.
Flaky, delicious, with golf-ball sized chocolate chips.
But i do have to say that the food is not always delicious enough.
I've been going to whole foods in south park for quite a while now.
Tons of fresh fruits and veggies with both organic and "standard" to choose from.
There is also loose leaf tea - a huge win over whole foods in my opinion.
They have quality meats and seafood in the back, again cheaper than whole foods.
When compared to whole foods though, we're really just comparing rotten apples to rotten apples.
But whether i go here or to whole foods, i'll inevitably end up at harris teeter to get certain things.
Just food for thought, pun intended.
Everyone said it was delicious and raved over the custard center.
Delicious food, fast service, hsd the lox omelet .
It's always nice to smoke hookah and eat nice foods, drinks, and chill.
Excellent service, pleasant and attentive staff, delicious food, big portions.
The food is amazing and priced decent.
They both were delicious and came with the usual small pickled side dishes.
Delicious kebabs, nice staff, fair prices!
It was just delicious.
Went with my family and everything we ordered was delicious.
They have lots of delicious restaurants, food vendors and freshly prepared food.
Meats, seafood, breads, artisan vendors.... so many things you can look and taste.
The seafood place in the back is amazing!
You can buy everything to prepare a fantastic meal here; meat, vegetables, fresh bread, cheese, wine, olives, etc.
Food has been delicious and consistent on each visit.
Order the pot of bread...it's delicious and unique!
Great coffee, good food and friendly wait staff.
Great food and service.
I love love food markets.
I have been to st lawrence numerous times and every time i visit i have a great food adventure.
You can get fresh meat, seafood, vegetables, cheese and bread all under one roof.
Make sure you come hungry there are lots of place to try out and sample food at.
In other words, you come here if you like the food.
The cake was also delicious and moist.
It's a standard grocery store with a pharmacy, deli, sushi, starbucks, and bank.
Everything we got was delicious.
It's a great place to have some traditional mediterranean food and the service was excellent.
Its a really busy place which is good because the food is awesome!
Outstanding selection of unique foods!
Several very good deli items.
Great place to shop for groceries i love the quality of the food.
The flavors & presentation of the food are perfect.
They did their best to accommodate everyone and get food out as fast as they could.
Market district not only has a very large selection of groceries, but their prepared food is excellent.
Overall extremely satisfied with my food, and will definitely come back.
How clever, putting a new york deli in the heart of charlotte's uptown!
Peameal bacon @ carousel bakery  - never had i tasted bacon so fresh, juicy, and delicious.
Located on the lower basement of the market there's a hidden european food vendor (there's only one).
They have the best happy hour in town and the food is just delicious!
I love hot and spicy food, the more the better.
The menu is a short, but good, representation of jamaican food.
Be warned, this food is *authentic*, bone-in, skin still on authentic.
It's not good first date food because you'll be spitting out bits here and there.
So so happy that they carry my favorite fruit - honey mangos when they are in season!
Once inside you'll find fresh produce, fruits and veggies, with prices so low you'll take a second and third look.
Overall atmosphere is very nice and relaxed, and the food is great!
The hot cocoa was delicious.
Good food, good service, i will definitely be back..
Food was great, for the price it should be.
Great food at great prices.
The location is small, but the food is always good and consistent.
Four for food and three for atmosphere.
But, the food was very good.
I had a chicken shawarma platter and it came with a great amount of food.
They have this food miles program that tells you how many miles away much of their local items have traveled.
This is my favorite whole foods location in town!!!
The food is always fresh in the cases and at the bars.
I do wish they had a larger seafood selection though ..
All the fresh meats seafood and salads here are delicious.
Grab some food and hang out with a beer or wine.
Raw food was easy to find!
It did not disappoint... the food is amazing, for both the price and the quality.
Even a friend from napa, who knows fine wine and fine dining, was blown away by the food here.
Another treat here, besides the incredible food, is the grocery store.
Haji baba has become my one-stop shop for all things middle eastern and delicious.
Oh and the lunchtime sushi is awesomely fresh and delicious!
Come for the food and take some baklava to go.
Lot of dry food brands, frozen food, fresh vegetables and fruits and halal meat.
The food tastes absolutely delicious and as if it was homemade.
I recommend this place for anyone who loves big breakfast/brunch and flavorful food.
The wait staff are dressed in pajamas which is super cute, the coffee was great and the food was excellent.
Love the deli sandwich selections but especially like the salads.
They carry food from the border grill & they cook it there too.
They carry things that only you see on food network!
You can get exotic flowers here....and gourmet foods, picnic stuff....think about it!
They have a nice bakery, meat counter and deli counter with adequate and knowledgeable staff.
I bought a t-bone steak and it was truly delicious.
But it was also sunday morning and i was missing a few key ingredients, like dried fruit and nuts.
Starsky is one of my favourite polish food stores in mississauga.
However ,using a centrifugal juicer heats the vegetable and oxidizes food.
Food was delicious and the wine wall was delightful.
It was buttery, gooey, sweet, crunchy and super delicious.
I have used their deli department many times to order a 6 ft sub for events.
I love whole foods market because of the many things i can buy there.
My go-to for authentic korean food!
The food was amazing, it has flavor!
Food was delicious and  really big portions!
I always dismissed whole foods as being for "rich people."
Now, i'm not saying that whole foods is cheap, but you are getting fresh quality food.
For me, whole foods makes eating healthier much easier.
We only got one because we thought that would leave us room for other foods.
How simple and delicious.
It is delivered piping hot with a cool three hourglass set: denoting three, four or five minutes.
Also, they delivered the mug pre-warmed!
Our server was nice and friendly and the food came out promptly.
We got the chicken and lamb kabab which were tender and delicious.
Also got their chicken kabab sandwich which tasted delish!
Overall, whole foods is not cheap, but if you want quality this is the place to go.
They sell organic food now.
This review is going to be on the hookah lounge and not on the food.
My cousin and i chose to mix margarita, peach, and strawberry which is an awesome, fruity blend.
The food as usual, is good.
With so many places to eat mexican food in phoenix, this is my absolute favorite for mexican casual dining.
The ambiance and decor is fun and the food - oh the food is amazing!
This is the best greek specific food store in greek town (and i've been in them all!)
Fresh squeezed orange juice, great selection of food, get the "cup of bread" for your side.
It has a deli section with the best and freshest sausages and meats.
Next to whole foods, it simply falls short in produce, seafood, and meat, my three key sources of food.
This tips the scale for whole foods, considering the prices are about the same.
One place where m has whole foods beat?
The staff is generally very friendly and the food is generally great.
Their only downside is no food on sundays.
What really really really impressed me right off the bat--and still does--is how good their prepared foods are.
The food is very very good, we ordered the chilaquiles, eggs benedict and a waffle.
Friendly staff and delicious food.
We practically have tried everything on menu and is delicious!
We have also purchased a few sides, everything has always been delicious!
I really really enjoy the food here, and love the people.
The chiliquilies were absolutely delicious with just the right amount of flavor.
Importing some unique items, and genuine foods.
Thank you for providing great food, and service to tempe.
Nostalgia aside this place has some of the nicest displays of food you'll see in the city.
I thought well they have food at giant eagle market district.
The deli is the best in madison with so many choices.
One down side, sometimes the pre packaged sliced fruit tastes like veggies.
The meat was tender and delicious.
Great service, we got our food quicker than expected, the only downside was what my friend ordered.
Clasen's bakery items, deli and sushi.
So if you ever need to pick up some deli or have a break with a beer in head.
Bonus points for the outstanding choice of veggie "food" in the back.
Very clean, lots of great food!
Great food ate breakfast and lunch both were really tasty.
I have tried the imported cheese and the traditional cheese and both are delicious.
A wonderland of food!
I had issues with this whole foods.
Other times, they clean the floor with noxious industrial-strength cleaners that wipe out the delicious aroma.
I dig a good deli / market & was so happy that rhino has another location near my job.
The owner is a class act and the food is amazing.
Being from new mexico has made me a snob when it comes to mexican food.
Our waitress cary was delightful and attentive, always filling our glasses even half full.
I loved all the hispanic food choices they have.
I was just here on friday, and their pita is delicious, our server was friendly and helpful!
I liked the penne a lot, but it was a lot of food for me.
The seafood seems a bit suspicious as some of it sits in cardboard boxes outside the freezers.
Good selection of foods and as an american, i have my favorites there too.
Whenever i enter a public market, i look for that overwhelming sense of commotion, crowd, and of course food.
St lawrence offers a hugeee variety of goodies, from sandwiches to fruits to cafes and baked goods.
Need food, well of course they got it.
I got the vegetables with beef on rice and it's really good.
The best food market in toronto!
You can get everything you need here from fish, meat, bread, dessert, fruits, veggies and even prepared food.
Great spot to have lunch as many of the vendors sell prepared food.
I was floored by the cheap olives: $2.99/pound and $3.99/pound (whole foods, you should be ashamed of yourself!).
Max market carries a whole array of grocery items: deli products, breads, snacks, produce.
Thick, square cut pizza with no cheese and a nice thick layer of delicious sauce on top.
Pre package hot food.
We are not vegan, however, we enjoyed the food.
On our third visit we had the cupcakes....they were delicious!
Stopped by laxmi today to get some curry powder for the curried vegetable recipe that i was planning to make.
I used it to make my curried vegetables and they were delicious!
The prices here are good for produce, meats, prepared items, food counter, and bakery.
The food counter is great in the selection and price.
Great selection of healthy snacks, food and drinks.
Then, i had to get two cases of water for client i was delivering it too.
I love me some middle eastern food, and this place definitely met my expectations.
Lots of food for what you pay for, and a literal mountain of tabooli on the side.
Not only are they cheap, fresh and delicious, but i love that we are supporting local farmers.
There's such a variety of fruits, vegetables, meats etc.
But the food is wonderful.
I said, "at-taam bikhaier", which means "the food is good" and he understood me!
Nice selection of meat, seafood and exotic meats.
One of the best selections of spices and nuts and seeds, dried fruit etc.
A lot of it is super high quality food including organic and natural items.
Spices, lentils, snacks, sweets, magazines, newspapers, halal meats, naans, vegetables and much more.
I'm mainly talking about the food bar which is a disaster.
My friends and i can get food right up until they close and not to mention healthy choices.
The side dishes are delicious and is traditionally served with your food.
It was super delicious and filling.
I absolutely love this little gem and will be definitely coming back each time i need my korean food fix.
They delivered the food to me on time.
Their team works seamlessly to deliver what is ordered at the right time.
Check out their fresh fruit salads, salsas, and wide meat selection.
They're selection is so vast that i felt i was in el paso, tx tasting authentic mexican food.
Walking by, on the left is a fresh salsa, drinks and fruits.
Fruit salad, fresh water melon drinks, hot salsas, cactus fruit, etc etc.
Super delicious tacos-- authentic and with homemade salsa.
You're there for the awesome food at rock bottom prices.
The food was delicious.
The sandwich was really gourmet and the salad was delicious as well.
Great mexican food in the heart of phoenix.
The food is so good that i eat it before i realize i have not even taken a picture.
And they have a happy hour menu for food ranging from $2-6.
There is no bulk food/spice selection, but the prices on tea and health and beauty products are quite reasonable.
Had a delicious bacon egg and cheese sandwich on an english muffin with a cup of great coffee.
The food is good and very well priced, the falfel and the baklava are the best in town.
It's a lot of  fun to walk around and look at everything while your waiting for your food.
Having been to the middle east and indulged in the best mediterranean food ever, i have pretty high standards.
The food isn't just cheap, it's also delicious.
It's really meat heavy and doesn't offer a lot of variety of goods apart from food.
Beautiful restaurant, great service,  and amazing food!!
There are food vendors of all sorts and you can pick up some fantastic ingredients here.
Left here with some delicious honey ginger mustard.
I'm not sure where the girl gets the energy, but her food is just fantastic.
It was absolutely delicious.
The attached international foods mini mart is also a plus.
Delicious chicken schwarma and great hummus.
Their dishes are delicious and generous.
Also this is a good place to get quality fast food.
It's always bustling and plus, there's food.
Tons of fruit stands in the front.
It's easy to walk straight over to the hot foods and ignore the rest of the store, but don't.
The freezers are packed with good food glory!
Somebody's grandma really is making this food, and you can tell it's all made with lots and lots of love.
The deli is always good along with one of their agua frescas makes for a good lunch.
Their veggies and fruit prices are always fair.
Great food and great service!
Very cute deli and market, love the gyro special lunch with extra sauce.
Cheap, delish and authentic food!
No matter what your taste in food, you will find it here, fresh and at reasonable prices.
Breads, donuts, fresh meats, cold cuts, fruit, vegetables, cheeses, perogies - you name it!
Whole foods market  have 4 store open at vegas, but we  only came 2  store,near our hotel.
For bought some water and fruit,sometimes for brunch or dinner.
If you like sushi or teriyaki or asian food,they sell too.
Don't worry about foods  ,go to whole foods market.
Great place for unique foods.
I make special trips to go to whole foods because it's about a 20 to 30 minute drive.
I had think crust pizza and it was delicious.
Everything on their menu is deliciously homemade from scratch and all the ingredients are fresh.
Good food with decent prices makes it a very good place to go for a good breakfast.
By the way, the whole foods empire will probably take over wild oats soon.
It has good feng shui and is really spacious unlike other health food markets ... ahem.
They also have an institutional sized canned and jarred food aisle.
Excellent service and excellent food.
A restaurant inside a grocery store... but they serve up some great food!
I got the chicken shwarma and it was delicious!
They have nuts and dried fruit as well, also tofu.
Coffee is all really good, food is wonderful, and they even have some great selections of wine!
I really appreciate their selection of middle eastern foods, esp their cheeses, their desserts and their hot foods selection.
Most of all, their akawi and thyme pizza is so delicious and affordable.
Stopped here as we were heading home to phoenix, what a delicious breakfast and very pleasant atmosphere, neighborhood place.
Same food as the original location on maryland parkway, just a newer feel and more middle-eastern appearance.
He struggled finishing it but had to because it was so delicious.
When i first hear farmer's market, i think of a weekly event with expensive & fresh vegetables/fruits/trinkets.
The space is fairly small, but there are tons of standard fruits/veggies and the occasional exotic gem.
I work pretty close to whole foods so i frequent it about 3-4 times a week for lunch.
If the zucchinis at market district looked a little weak, give whole foods a try.
Plus their pre-made food is actually yummy.
Maybe you need durian fruit for that special someone?
The meat is tender (along with all of their foods), the prices are great, the convenience is wonderful.
I love the large selection and variety of unique and healthier food that whole foods provides.
Not to mention, the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.
They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.
The baked products are delicious as well as the sandwiches that are made with only the finest and freshest ingredients.
Great middle eastern food...  great value... great tasting... casual and  relaxed crowd.
This is my place  to go for this kind of food when i have that craving.
Amazing fresh seafood are sure to fill you up in a satisfying way!
The price is right and the food is delicious.
I've been here 5 times and had food catered once.
If you're in the mood for mexican food...
Now that i've seen it too i'll be back for sure for steak and seafood!
Really good prices on organic foods.
Great meat and seafood dept!
Today was my first time at this place and i am completely blown over by the food here.
Marc's claims it's fame through good food for a great price.
Love the food and the staff is friendly.
You cannot beat the price and did i mention the food is top notch!
I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to try real korean food.
The food there and the service is great.
Delicious bruschetta, great wine selection, super cool decor/atmosphere!
Good staff, enormous selection - food, drinks, supplements, beer, etc.
Most of my whole foods experiences have been amazing.
I place most whole foods right up there with costco when it comes to customer service...until one day.
I won't let the brat's bad attitude deter me from delicious desserts and good food and generally awesome customer service.
Usually i only find produce this good at whole foods or occasionally safeway.
I don't mind paying more for good take-out food.
Best of the best, tradition (personified) of the classic family italian deli.
I'm a regular and the food is always perfect.
The deli has some great mexican entrees and salads this week, check it out!
The food was all delicious and makes me want to go back tomorrow.
Great food,  cozy place and nice people.
A much better option that overpriced crappy casino food.
I love this whole foods and shop there all the time.
The greens are a great price, the fruits are soooooooooooo expensive.
They have one of the largest sections of bulk foods i have ever seen.
Their selection of vegetarian/vegan foods is plentiful.
Favorites: vegetable rice wraps and the sushi.
The buzz of people, the smell of great food (and affordable great food!!!)
My mom had the chicken marsala with artichoke hearts, mushrooms and s delicious wine sauce.
Food is one of life's greatest pleasures.
Same with meats or seafoods.
Great food, great hookah, great cust.
The portions were large, service was quick, and food was delicious.
The food is just right.
In other news- the quality, variety and value far exceeds whole foods, trader joe's or fresh & easy.
You will find a hefty selection for vegetatian, vegan, gluten free, low carb, raw, or whole food diets.
There's so much variety of foods here to see and buy.
The main and bottom floors have foods, wines, vegetables, fruits... you name it.
Some nice frozen wild caught seafood.
Lots of great imported german foods.
I highly recommend sorso to anyone that loves good wine and awesome food!
I always walk out of there with plenty for two to satisfy the week's veggie/ fruit needs under $10.
Great food, prices, service and love supporting the community.
The deli counter has premium boars head meats and cheeses which is a huge plus.
I came here a couple of weeks ago on sunday and really enjoyed wine and food.
They use good ingredients, good flavor, my kind of food.
All the food goes very well with wine.
If you love mexican food (especially chilaquiles), la tolteca should not disappoint in the slightest.
I hardly ever buy meat, fruit, or veggies here, the quality is just not that great.
Much better than fresh and easy, a little less cheaper than whole foods!
Sprouts provides fresh produce including fruits, vegetables, meats, seafood, baked goods, nuts, and grains!
They also have a deli section-- providing a quick sandwich for lunch, if desired!
None food related items they have are beer, wine, supplements and vitamins!
Other than a few items, whole foods is quite comprehensive as far as price at a local giant eagle.
My fiancee and i shop at whole foods and one of us is a student.
The whole foods brand 365 everyday value is really great.
The whole wheat organic crackers dipped in their deli garlic hummus is the best combination!
Great food doing great for the local community :)
Not much on decor, but the food is really good.
I had a pollo asado sope and 2 shrimp tacos that were tangy and delicious.
It's like a cinnamon roll and you dip it into their cream cheese icing (or whatever the deliciousness is).
Servers were usually friendly, and food was good.
Excellent food, great service, and great uniforms (they go to work in their pj's)!
The food here is the best in town!
She made sure everything was going well with our food.
The prices here and the quality of the fruits, veggies, and meat are amazing.
Fabulous staff, great food, especially the dips and sandwiches.
They've got delicious food, and the portions are generous.
The meat and seafood dept is amazing!!!
We shared the corn beef hash and scrambled eggs but shared everyone elses food too.
The food was good....not amazing...not to die for....but definitively worth our drive.
Good service, good food and good prices.
Love the service, love the food!
Great cantina with a small deli containing many unique food ingredients that you cannot find in the area.
Wonderful owners from south america who will make you feel right at home and the food is just ethereal.
It's also great to sample a bunch of different foods that are all close in proximity to one another.
I didn't know they delivered medication to your home (if nearby, of course)!
You can start with a great coffee and pastry this market has everything you want for food.
From italian bread and home made pasta to fresh hot bagels and fresh seafood and cheese.
They have lots of foods local to the toronto area and fresh veggies.
Simply amazing food, me and my gf are vacationing good is outstanding.
They've got some delicious treats at the front counter and sugar alternatives and a bunch of organic bulk foods.
The food here was great!!
Costco food court has new hot dogs!
Now they aren't hebrew national anymore, so they aren't kosher, but they are all beef and delicious.
Where else can i get my henna and get amazing food at the same time?
Big, soft pitas with delicious hummus.
Apparently this is one of the only good places for korean food in charlotte.
She ordered as she knew the menu and the food.
Food was fresh and hot.
I would go to this whole food, and not the one down the strip on lvb.
Foody world just had their grand opening today, november 8, 2016.
For its first day, the store is clean, really organized, huge selection of japanese, korean, and filipino foods.
Fresh produce, large meat and seafood counters.
There are pre-made food for purchase or seafood and meats for a delicious meal at home.
During the summer, there are numerous stands outside the market selling food, jewelery and little knick knacks.
The cooked food is delicious and they have picnic tables outside.
Fit for at home chefs and foodies who want to cooked elevated, local cuisine.
Go wander around, pick up a bottle of wine, pick up some food, find a spot to eat and enjoy.
Best breakfast food i have tasted in a long time and we didn't have to wait to be seated.
The best korean food in the charlotte area!
The food is wonderful and the staff is very friendly.
Food is fresh and great!
Not a traditional setting, but the food is fantastic.
Unfortunately, the food is only good and not great.
There are ready to go food items as well as regular market goods.
The food at this place was delicious!
Friendly staff and delicious food.
The food is outstanding and beyond flavorful!
My favorite grocery store when buying fruits, they're always in perfect condition (if that makes sense).
I loved all the fresh foods and the variety, spices, teas, and more.
Great selection of tons of grocery items, frozen foods, and pre-cooked samosas, treats, pakoras etc.
The food was fresh and the prices super reasonable.
First time here, it's busy but food is good.
The food is amazing and the prices are fair.....
Convenient for picking up a few bits here at the food lion.
We had lattes, bakery, & buster's sea cove seafood yum.
Emphasis on fine foods, of course.
At the very least, their liquids (milk etc) are similarly priced to that of whole foods.
Amazing food and ready fast!!
- the bulk food place downstairs has amazing dried fruits and any type of ingredients you are looking for.
We love giant fruit and they had the biggest mangos and biggest jumbo pomegranate that makes a fruit lover sing!
I have actually enjoyed the restaurant food a number of times.
My favorite breakfast place, awesome ambiance, amazing food, always amazing service.
You can get food, snacks, dvds and "smoking accessories".
I ordered the ultimate steak and eggs and it was delicious.
The ambiance is not great, but the food more than makes up for it.
Food was so good!
My favorite food is mexican and this place offers some of the finest i've tasted.
But, it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce.
The service is excellent and so is the food.
Food and service is really good.
My girlfriend is more adventurous when it comes to food, so she's tried more meals than i have.
These guys give you a lot of food at a very reasonable price.
The food is delicious.
For delicious middle-eastern food, don't look anywhere else in the value.
They serve food, beverages, and have a dj with a small dance floor.
The food is mediterranean and is delicious.
Plus, one time i heard them playing "back that ass up"-  only in a vegas whole foods.
Good food, very tasty and authentic, and great prices.
It sounds weird, but it is absolutely delicious people, you have to try it.
From a produce and fresh food selection they beat all other markets in the area.
The banchan (little side dishes that come out with the food) are always tasty and fresh.
Food was good, nothing overly special about it for me.
This whole foods is truly a market.
If you don't want to pay it, go to food basics!
4 stars for the food, 1 star for the coffee   this is an above average breakfast spot.
Anyways, the food was tasty, had a number of different bruschettas, the nut sack, charcuterie board and the brussel board.
She had us in absolute stitches .our food was very good, price was fair.
I load up my freezer with meat, chicken, and seafood.
The place is extremely affordable and delicious.
You are going there for the food and not the atmosphere.
The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by the most intoxicating aromas of spices and different delicacies.
Since i suck at couponing, i went shopping here for foodstuffs to donate to my fave food bank.
I know its a wine bar, but the cider was delicious....as was the gluten free bread and the olive tapenade.
I honest don't know why people go to other stores when they could play food poisoning roulette.
The food is great, service is outstanding even when it is packed at lunch time.
Absolutely love this delivery service.
A good place to check out if you're unfamiliar with persian food!
A fun place to check out and see variety of foods.
They will butcher items for you upon request and also slice meats & cheeses deli-style.
Love the natural food section they have.
Yum yum--i did some grocery shopping--fresh pepers of every kind - authentic fresh foods and good prices!
The gravy was muy delicioso.
The food is to die for and the groceries and produce are fresh and amazing!!!
Food is great--i don't like fried rice, but i love fried rice from pepero.
After waiting for about 15-20 minutes our food came out and their portioning was big!
The food quality and taste here is excellent.
My friend loves the food here.
I don't think there is anything else i can say, you must go here and love the food.
No radish in the toppings bar, or pickled vegetables.
Really awesome mexican food!
Most of the stuff i bought was prepared foods or cut up fruit.
The food was absolutely delightful.
I'm honestly just glad to have found a mart that carries familiar foods my sister can enjoy.
Great food for little money!
Look at this meal that was delivered to my table with a real plate, cloth napkin, and metal silverware.
My first experience eating korean food.
I ordered korean tea, which taste like hot rice and seafood soup &  veggie buns.
Good food and grocery store.
Needless to say this is the spot for authentic mexican food on the east side.
My parents owned a korean restaurant so i know good korean food!
The caramel coffee is delicious and i don't have to order when i go in, christine knows what i'm ordering.
Holy fresh fruit batman!
Fruit fruit fruit fruit fruit fruit fruit fruit
By far the nicest staff and the most delicious food!
Other than that, the food and service have been great.
Grabbed a pemeal bacon sandwich, a fruit juice, spices for cooking and some chocolate to bring back home.
The unsung hero of the evening went to the food.
The food came and was worth the wait.
The steak was cooked well and spiced delicious.
The burrito was delicious but very spicy so beware!
We left full of good food and nice wine at a really reasonable price.
Great fruit and veggie market with a local feel that is worth a stop.
Stop in and see how fruits and vegetables were sold half a century ago.
The store layout is a little wonky -- the food isn't organized like a normal grocery store.
Very good service and yummy food.
Be sure to ask for some delicious baklava to go!
It is wonderful to find this variety of organic food and have it delivered right to your door.
---   ---   ---  i always enjoy wandering about food markets when visiting a city.
Prepared foods are excellent.
It's a mexican supermarket with a full service deli and bakery with prepared dishes as well.
You don't feel like you're in a dungeon shoving other tourists just to throw $25 usd on overpriced seafood.
St. lawrence has a medley of food vendors, usually categorized into the meats, cheese, seafood, and bakery varieties.
Delicious juices, smoothies and food.
Yo, you like food?
Like, do you really appreciate some good food?
They have a great deli, and a great desserts and great coffee.
Definitely try the seafood pancake!
The offer a great selections foods both healthy and not so healthy
Food was good and our server was great.
This is everything a neighborhood italian deli should be and more.
In addition, their prepared foods, pizza by the slice and bakery are fabulous!
Great service and yummi food.
The could improve on the selection and taste of their prepared food.
What else, well the cheese section is outstanding, the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty.
Their food is amazing -- all of it.
The deli foods are often devine.
And the organic vegetables are actually a bargain.
I really like the food here!
We once ordered a whole lamb they had roasted for a pascha celebration, it was delicious!
They have a nice selection of specialty foods like pimento cheese and spices.
Food comes out quick if your short on time.
We came across this place and it was delicious.
The best bakery in town & especially if you want authentic italian foods & spices.
So when i want to cook the food of the motherland, i'll want brands and ingredients from that culture.
They have hot food section in the back!
I love this whole foods location!
Today was the 1st time i stepped foot into a whole foods.
I got a delish meal from the cold case deli $8.00 bucks.
Not much in the way of ambiance, but the food is exceptional.
French pressed coffee is excellent, fresh squeezwd oj and delicious food.
Their food to order is also amazing.
I didn't have a chance to try the food, but i'll be back to do so.
What i liked most about planet organic market is all the vegan options for the ready made food.
I would drive all the way here just to stock up in ready made foods.
The food is authentic and well done.
Not only was the food amazing, but we loved that the owners were so involved with each customer.
Good market to get in and out  with friendly service and delicious food.
I love the little food court are where you can get some fresh tacos fresh anything.
It has a blend of cheeses, tomato, basil pesto, and shishoto peppers to have on delicious toasted bread slices!
Outstanding food, authentic recipes and quality ingredients, freshly prepared and served hot, or cold, and fresh.
My husband who only ever craves red meat and potatoes loved their food!
The food is great , people there r very nice and friendly.
This one has a nice deli, bakery, and the produce is awesome!
I'm not a huge fan of mexican food, but every now and then i like a good taco.
I happened to be shopping on a weekend day, and there was a small stand outside that was selling food.
Les fruits et légumes sont choisis mieux qu'ailleurs.
Les légumes sont toujours beaux et frais et les fruits sont toujours à point, sucrés et délicieux.
Beaucoup de poissons et fruits de mer congelés ou séchés-salés.
You can still find quite a lot of gluten free, vegetarian, vegan and local foods and products.
They offer freshly ground coffee, bulk items, a deli, prepared foods, hot soups, and a bakery.
I grabbed a deli turkey sub.
I have been using grocery delivery during my long car repair.
Metcalfe's is pretty much wisconsin's own version of whole foods.
I had some of the best mexican food ever here.
I think this is a hidden gem for those that want real mexican food.
They have a hot food take out section which has pretty much anything you could think of.
A deli section with salsas and ceviches, a cheese section, even a juice bar.
Go and experience what real fruits and vegetables taste like.
Quick service, delicious food and a wide variety of vegan grocery items.
Much better than your average deli and pre-packed items from your chain grocers.
Organic foods are certified that there are no fertilizers, pesticides, antibiotics, food additives, etc.
Many farmers, though their foods are certifiable, simply cannot afford the documentation.
), coffees, fruit & veggies, and meats, fish, and poultry.
They have a bulk food section, and the unsulfured, dried papaya strips they carry are awesome.
I love this place, alot of great healthly food.
More importantly check on the smokehouse mini resturant inside, excellenty tasting food, all natural meats..
They have an extensive meat, seafood, hot food and dessert area along the back.
This fish/seafood market was huge!
And everything was fresh with humongous variety of fish, seafood, cheeses, and toronto souvenirs.
Food is fresh, well-seasoned, and just plain good.
Bravo, pusateri's fine foods!
Great venue and amazing food.
Came with a party of 6 and everyone loved their food.
From the deli, the stuffed eggplant is a must try.
The prepared meals i buy are in the natural foods section.
If you have trouble with crowds, check out the natural foods aisle.
If i only bought food, woodman's would be just okay, but the liquor department is a sight to behold.
There was something about the food, the wine, and the beautiful patio that made me not want to leave.
Everything was delicious and beautifully presented.
Served with yogurt, veggies, hummus, lots of delicious roasted chicken, and rice.
Definately one of the most authentic middle eastern food in tempe.
The food was really good, i got the french toast, it was super delicious.
They also have a trendy market with a traditional flare; food is fast and quality.
This was my first time for korean food.
Everyday i hear about all of the delicious korean foods!
We enjoyed a peameal bacon sandwich for the first time and it was delicious and not to be missed.
There was so much food and wines, it was mind boggling.
I haven't bought meat, poultry or seafood since i found triangle market over 6 months ago.
The employees at publix are always amazing as is the food!
The food is phenomenal, the atmosphere is cozy and it's a great place to hang out with friends.
Amazing selection of foods and hot foods.
Fantastic breads, meats, and other prepared foods.
A definite go-to place for 4 star "real" food; not fast food.
Come here if you want high quality food stuff.
There is loads of cool and flavoursome food try that i would never otherwise choose from a menu.
Will go here again soon to check out the seafood section more and the fish n chips
This place is happening at lunch time specifically in the food bar department.
In true whole foods fashion, its expensive and chock full of gorgeous, delicious eats.
A quick weave through the isles and you'll find tasty samples of fruit, crackers and such.
This place is flushed with great imported foods and fresh made desserts to order up from their market.
My husband had the arabic coffee and it was delicious.
They also have pretty good employees at the deli counter.
They have a large variety of delicious deli meats and cheeses as well as fresh breads and pastries.
Whole foods has a great selection of ready to eat choices.
They also  have unique hot and ready foods that are healthy and good!
If you need authentic food you need to go here!
Delicious food, great decor, awesome service!
Ava food market has a little persian food hot counter setup going in the back of their market.
I recommend jw foods to all of my personal training clients.
We have had 4 deliveries now and couldn't be more pleased.
The wait for my food felt like forever though, but it was probably because i was really hungry haha.
I got my food like 30mins later so idk if that's typical.
Chef was very sweet to my mom, who doesn't handle spicy food.
Had a prix fixe menu (which i am not a fan of), but the food was delicious.
Some of the best authentic mexican food i've ever had!
Of course you know your friendly, local whole foods.
Then, i realized that roses were actually rather cheap at whole foods.
When i didn't hear from him, i called whole foods and left a message.
When you need flowers, definitely consider the whole foods option.
We didn't try the food so i can't speak to that, but we probably will come back to soon.
The boyfriend and had chicken fried steak and in a content food coma!
As soon as you walk-in, the air is filled with cinnamon-spiced potted bread that smells and tastes delicious!
I shop at this whole foods location at least once a week and usually more often than that.
It has a great bakery, deli, and even a burrito station.
Kozlik's mustard is delicious: my favorites were amazing maple, bewitched balsamic.
Can't say enough about the freshness and quality of the food.
First timer, good food, good price,well loaded portions!
I did spot (once only, though) some rotting frozen food (was it pizza?
I was visiting las vegas on 12/9/16 and stopped in this whole foods for some shopping around 3:30 pm.
I was delighted to find that they had a wine tasting going on in the wine section.
Both were delightful, and my friends and i thoroughly enjoyed them.
More than vi-able meat and deli section.
The food was made to order perfectly, brought in a timely, friendly manner and was proportionately perfect for the price!
I am a foodie, a die hard foodie and i enjoy creating dishes that tantalize the taste buds.
There is an art to creating culinary dishes and you will find your art supplies here...as far as foods go.
Great times and great food.
I've had their tacos many times and they are insanely delicious.
Wife ordered the seafood noodle soup and i had the korean bbq beef.
I go here weekly to pick up food for lunch.
I had a waffle and a side of biscuits and gravy, both were delicious.
Food is awesome: fresh, simple and tasty 2.
Stopped in here during my visit to tempe and was amazed at the quality of the food.
I'm pretty picky about my middle eastern food and this place hits the mark.
I say, without hesitation, that the people, service and food has been outstanding.
It's pretty simple: delicious, authentic tacos here.
Quesadilla for the 2 year old with that delicious gooey white cheese - a big hit.
Homemade salsas, guacamole, pickled veggies - all delicious!
Hummus was awesome and salad was delicious.
A variety of food filled our table, from omelets, to pancakes, bacon, eggs over-easy, hashbrowns and sausages.
Everything was fresh, hot and delicious.
They have an abundance of natural and organic food items as well as household goods and personal care items.
We ate our lunch here, which i would recommend to everyone to do, since there are so many food vendors.
The real star of the show at slm is the food.
Though this morning it is a delicious bridgeland breakfast sandwich looks as good as it tastes.
Thank you gfc for making gluten free and vegan bread taste so delicious.
The best persian food with greatest value.
It was a lot of food so we split it.
Just a lovely, lovely food experience.
The store is a bit gangly and outdated, but the food is spectacular.
I recommend haloum cheese, absolutely delicious with pita bread.
They know what they're doing when it comes to food and spices and overall flavour of what they're making.
One area in need of improvement is the deli.
The food here was fantastic.
I would say the food is a solid 4.
It was delicious and flavorful, and everything seemed to be really fresh.
Just get this food into my bloodstream as expediently as possible.
I still love pita jungle, but this wins on price and speed, ties on deliciousness, and only loses on decor.
The food was delicious.
The food is also really good.
The cooked food, such as the hot dogs, pizza, wings, etc.
Great food service was confusing for a first timer (help yourself) very busy
Great food at their food bar, ready to serve to eat there or to go.
The food is great!
Metcalfe's is well known for their high food standards, customer service, and, as a result, somewhat elevated prices.
Good selection of cheeses, fresh meats, produce, flowers, and imported "ethnic" foods.
I was somewhat in a trance and didn't realize what i was ordering until after i got my food.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good but i wished i got something else.
They have a wide range of drinks, food and hot food.
Get the qt app they have offers for free food/drinks!!
This health conscious store has everything from food to my skin care products.
The hot bar and hot foods counter is by far my favorite.
There is no place like whole foods shadyside/pittsburgh they are #1 in my eyes!!
They've also got a lot of different essential ingredients for mexican food preparation.
Must visit if you are a mexican food fan!
Service is great and food is delicious but it's not a perfect 5 star      because of the price.
The turkey delight is great!
Some of the best med food in the valley.
The feel of the place is fantastic and i can't say anything bad about the food either.
They serve good quality food for low prices.
But the food...not overly complicated and that's how i like my favorite meal of the day.
Food was good but service will make me a repeat guest.
Very friendly staff and food is always good.
It also has a small food court with independent vendors.
You can buy food here and eat it in the food court area.
How can i start with greatness and delight in the morning?
The ground meat however was delicious.
Honestly everything there is delicious and the servers are great and patient!
Super cute deli side with the best crab salad i've ever eaten!
The store typically has some displays out front of fresh herbs, fruit or flowers.
There are a few seafood based soups as well.
Past the seafood offerings you will come to the meat department.
Also included are the deli and bakery.
Great fun stop for your weekend grocery shopping, whole foods is an investment in your own body and health!
The food tasted very fresh and good quality.
I really like this store, which has a big selection of produce, dairy products, dry goods and frozen food.
Whilst haunting this store i discovered items and delicacies from...  brunton's dairy in aliquippa.
Food was great and the service was top notch!
So if you want made to order food you order at the window on the right at the middle aisle.
Great customer service, thank you tom/janet from deli.
Kathy (florist) delivered the cake as well and helped save me $ on the delivery fee.
La tolteca is restaurant/bakery/market and sells the best authentic mexican food i've ever had in the states.
Staff is always friendly and the food just delivers every time.
Very delicious meal, very cool place, and i will most certainly be retuning soon!
Rhino fills in such a great need for uptown charlotte: the local market and deli.
I've been here several times, and the food is consistently amazing.
There's so much culture, food, and different people.
Everything i tasted was delicious and i could spend hours in this market...
They're service is awesome and they're food is the beast!!
The food is amazing.
The chicken shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious.
The uptown rhino market & deli delivers on all fronts.
The food was pretty good.
Food is always great and good service.
La tolteca is very good, authentic phoenix-style mexican food.
All of the staff provide great customer service, but the deli department just downright sucks.
Despite the deli, this is my favorite grocery store.
They have variety food products that are interesting.fruits condition are keeping nicely fresh.i think i should to try some spices.
As a matter of fact, i come back again when i miss french food.
Wow what a fantastic find, the food was fantastic, very fresh.
But the absolutely best thing is the hot food section.
Going to this whole foods is like a mini vacation.
I always eat lunch from the hot food or salad bar before i shop because it is just that good.
All of the allergen info is listed on the foods as well.
Service was great and food was wonderful.
The food and price more than make up for the lacking ambiance.
So, we really like the food and choices but the cost, hours and orders are a bit of a negative.
We bought a lot of fresh veggies and fruit, but my favorite was the pie.
Seriously good food, good hookah, decent music,  great service.
Very good, authentic middle-eastern food.
The gyros are delicious, and so are the shwarma wraps!
The food is good and the service is good.
Great food, good prices, generous portions with stellar service!!!
But the topper on all of this is the meat and seafood vendors that are found.
Meats, fish, seafood and poultry are all on offer, fresh, and ready for grilling.
The food is excellent.
And of course there are food vendors that selling cooked food that i can eat with no cooking involved!
Also their different array of plates are delicious, goes grate with the wine.
Best place in town to buy your organic vegetables and fruit as well.
The deli should have samples of their prepacked salads for customers.
The employees to the food, the products, simply amazing.
Our favs include seafood pancake, bugolgi, seafood tofu soup.
Their boneless chicken thighs are amazing and their signature marinade is delicious.
I usually do quite a bit of fresh food grocery shopping here.
They've just started selling crab stuffed portabella mushrooms which are delicious!
They also have a bakery and a market attached to the food counter.
On to the actual food.
Buster's sea cove has good food at a reasonable price!
Hands down, the best place in cleveland to get thai food ingredients.
Believe it or not, this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones.
The service was great as well as the food.
We also had the athens fries an wow the are delicious an the sauce out of this world.
The food was just fabulous.
The garlicky cabbage and daikon kimchi, bean sprout salad, fish cakes, and radish salad were all delicious.
Cheap beers, great guacamole, great food, friendly service.
The prices are low, the service is adequate, and the food is great.
As others have mentioned there is a lack of service at the deli counter and the sandwich station.
Great place for a deli sandwich.
Lots of old rich old folks around, buying fancy, overpriced food.
A decent selection of food items.
All of it has been delicious but i particularly liked the peppers which i just ate raw with hummus.
We also ended up trying some of their tacos due to yelp reviews we had read, and they were delicious!
Rating:  5 out of 5  the food  my friend and i ordered the original chicken & waffles.
The waffle was delicious--no flaws for sure.
It was delicious--not too sweet like cinnamon buns, but just perfect.
Rise and shine: if y'all are reading this, thank you for your awesome and delicious meal!
As for foodstuffs, i can't say much because i haven't shopped those aisles.
But nevertheless this food was outstanding!
Their food is amazing and i will be back.
The food is fantastic and in a good big size.
The pita bread and hummus that came along with it was also fresh and delicious.
My family has used alesci's catering for as long as i can remember, and it's always been delicious.
It's part bakery, grocer, coffee bar, prepared foods, and wine shop.
For lunch, i ordered the daily special (cavatelli and meatballs) from the prepared foods bar.
This resto is a very well run business with extremely high quality food.
Definitely my favourite health food store in toronto, and trust me i've been to the majority of them.
Very authentic korean food.
Sometimes there is a wait for your food bits that's only because each order is made as it comes in.
The taste of their food is consistently the same.
The cheapest and tastiest middle eastern food in arizona.
Their deli, cheese, meat and seafood counters really don't compare to anywhere else that i go.
The selection is large, the staff is knowledgeable, and the food is delicious.
Seafood and meats are fresh, and for a supermarket, it actually has a fair amount of specialty items.
Fruits and vegetables are of excellent quality, and they have a large organic section, which is nice.
That, and the quality food keeps us coming back for more!
You can shop at their grocery store while you wait for the food.
The food is super fresh and very authentic.
This place is so delicious.
I got spicy rice cakes and spicy pork bulgogi and it was delicious!
They give you a lot of food for the price.
Food came out fast and piping hot.
This place is so delicious!
Nothing fancy, just great food!
I love the food at this place!
That's right "1 stop shopping" with great food and extremely fair prices.
For the amount of food and the price, you really can't beat it.
I will recommend shorty's to anyone looking for a fast and delicious sandwich!
Whatever you order make sure you get some of the delicious bread.
I also appreciate that my boys can get beautiful cakes that look amazing and decorative even with their food allergies.
Fruit and veggies are always abundant and always at an incredibly delicious prices!
Busy location, clean store:  purchased items from the deli today.
Wish great and healthy food didn't come with huge prices.
This is always my go to place if i have a craving for korean food.
I might have spelled that wrong, but it's the seafood noodle soup.
I love this place for the authentic (or as authentic to my knowledge) korean food in town.
Everything was delicious and fresh and i cant wait to go back.
Wow what a find, great fruit and vegetables at amazing prices.
Lots of seniors in aj and i know on a fixed income fresh fruit and vegetables are a treat.
We also will buy the dirty dozen fruits and vegetables here when they are not in season.
Food should be one of the things you spend most of your income on.
For food we ordered  a salad and a few of the bruschettas.
They were all delicious and a phenomenal deal.
This is a great place to enjoy some good wine, tasty food and great company in a trendy ambiance.
The portion sizes were large and the food was delicious.
Very good, authentic middle-eastern food.
The gyros are delicious, and so are the shawarma wraps!
Food was excellent, great service nice clean modern interior.
Oh how i love whole food market!
Fresh vegetables & fruits at reasonable prices.
They had fresh, frozen, canned and bagged foods.
I do all my main shopping at loew's/harris tetter/bilo but, i have to stock-up on gf food at earthfare.
Until they open a wholefoods in my area, this is it for me.
There is a vast selection of fruits that aren't shiny, not shiny is good.
Deli, chinese food, juice bar, it's all great.
Cheeses, liquor,etc,  whole foods has it all.
If not, do what i do, pick and choose, some supermarket and whole foods for the special stuff.
Prices are amazing and the food!!
The seafood selection is fresh and the butcher is always there to help you with whatever you need!!
The food quality is always exactly what i expect.
I love that i can come here for my organic foods and fresh produce.
I know i'm getting food without added hormones and ect.
Very affordable artisinal foods.
I really really enjoy the food here, and love the people.
I shopped for groceries while i wait for my food, and i am never disappointed in the gyro.
The restaurant has delicious food and great coffee and juices.
Pricing can't be beat and it's delivered as well.
The food is definitely authentic in flavor.
The amount of food for the money is balanced.
The best thing about whole foods, for me, is their beauty product section.
It was absolutely delicious and has a wide variety of menu offerings.
They are served with a delicious sauce.
The deli lady actually knows me by name.
Love the food at haji baba.
I am so happy to have whole foods close to my house.
Head over to the deli, if joseph is there he's personable and knowledgeable.
Do not be shy, inquire about some of the deli selections and have some samples before you make that commitment.
Slowly but surely, things are changing and merchandising of food items as well.
It's delish and i can't not order it when i go in even though the whole menu looks tasty.
The food here is fast cheap and good!
Great deal and delicious, loved the cucumber sauce and pickle flavors in the sandwich.
I think they are delicious but they do not provide the mexican food that i love so much.
So we head to the back where the hot food counter is.
Anyways, we get our food and i completely forget that sour cream is in it.
But it is delicious.
Some of the frozen food look like theyve been hard for a long time.
They always offer excellent food and service at both of their locations.
The food is also amazing.
Hot take out foods and baklava are delicious.
I hate tobacco smoke, and am not fond of middle eastern style food.
The food and drinks.
Highly recommend ordering your fruit and veggies from nature's garden!
The menu contains a long list of delicious items at great prices made fresh to order.
I have only had wine here so can's comment on the food.
Good food and nice owner.
Food prices are a bit high for my liking.
I love it that the restaurant smells like delicious smoked meats.
I had the chilaquiles with carnitas and it was very tasty and a lot of food.
Love the food and the staff are always warm and friendly!
The portions are large and delicious.
Just in vegas for vacation and found the place on yelp and was pleased with the food and service.
5 stars for authentic, home-style mexican food in the 416.
I had a great time playing around with the ingredients to make delicious tacos.
All this food for just $12!
I was in a heavenly food coma after this meal as well.
The food is consistently delicious, always fresh and a slice of mexicana in the west end!
Have any of you looked at food labels lately?
:p   on top of the great selection of organic/natural/soy free foods, they have an essential oil section.
I like to think of sprouds as a "poor mans whole foods."
Food counter in the back is insane authentic mexican.
My fave whole foods market.
There's a trattoria, a deli and of course the food by the pound counter.
The food is excellent and the staff is friendly.
We love this place.....the family and the food!
The meats and cheeses are always fresh and delicious.
The staff were all very friendly, our food came out quickly and everything was amazing.
Food was delicious, they have a great variety of food as well!
We were satisfied with food and service.
Service was great and the wine was delicious.
If you want to add a little kick, add the delicious racy red sauce.
They are addictive, not to mention delicious.
The gravy tasted like a brown gravy/teriyaki sauce and it was delicious.
Busters seafood- my husband had a meal from this place and i was jealous because i was eating something else.
The first time i visited i was drooling over everyone's food but didn't get any.
The food was delious and such amazing customer service venessa was a great server!
Yes, good food, nice servers in cute pj's, order the pot of bread and it will make you smile.
Always a treat to be treated to great organic food!
The food is cheap and delicous.
The pitas they make in house are fresh and delicious.
I love this whole foods!
Prepared foods are fantastic and the lunchmeats are always fresh and delicious.
What a selection and was impressed with the pre packaged selection of fruit.
As i was there i saw people checking temperatures, and quality of food and restocking.
Cookie monster cupcakes, fruit tarts, tuxedo cake, truffles and small one person tarts.
They even hair supplies, deoderant supplies (like toms), pet food, vitamins, etc.
When in arizona, stop by the hole in the wall mediterranean food!
The chicken dish was delicious!
We like this location for their desserts, sandwiches and take out food items.
This review is on the take out food area.
In the past i have purchased prepared chicken from harris teeter, food lion, fresh market and even bj wholesale.
3) produce is fresh and lots to select from in the seafood area.
The seafood section is just as massive covering just about the entire ocean.
The cafe has every type of food you can imagine.
Thanks to everyone for making whole foods a nice shopping experience.
What i really like is its addition of more health food and organic items.
Amazing food and quite inexpensive.
They do a lot of food sampling, which i really like, i found some nice things that way.
The fruit and vege section is well-stocked with a great variety of items.
The service at the meat depts and deli is pleasant and knowledgeable.
The variety of cheeses around the deli means i can make all my international recipes.
I had the crab cake salad, it was delicious and fresh.
Food is always good.
All three of us are from california and love the heck out of some good mexican food!
Do it do it do it if you like good homemade mexican food!
People selling meat, diary, wheat, fruit products.
Food varying from seafood, chinese, italian, ukranian food, sushi...the whole nine yards.
The breakfast is pretty good, and the plantains are cooked to perfection here, unlike many other whole foods locations.
We buy almost exclusively from whole foods.
They have fresh produce and lots of different selections of frozen meat/fish/seafood too.
It's cheaper than festival or whole foods and the quality is much higher than woodman's or hy-vee.
They have lots of small food brands you won't find anywhere else.
I went to whole foods for the first time (in my life) today!
Not to mention the restaurant, deli, olive bar, butcher, all chicken is free range.
The front counter space area is filled with baklava, dates, candied fruits and other delectable sweets.
Good food and nice seevice.
Down below is more crafty/arty land, but there's also a place with lots of dried foods and goodies.
The atmosphere and all of the great food sampling is a must on your trip to toronto.
Kind of like an indoor famrers' market with all the food choices and natural food items.
Love the store downstairs with the buik foods right down to the big thing o' peanut butter.
Best grocery store for hot, prepared food.
Thank you rise & shine for making us wonderful food again.
Great food, a little pricey for breakfast but the food is truly amazing.
Outstanding food and service!!
Amazing food.. only downside is they dont serve alcohol so no sunday morning bloody marys or mimosas!!
Lucky me, another awesome food place near lakewood!
So, you take a seat, wondering what kind of food you can devour and enjoy!
Their menu is extensive, even have italian food.
There's also a huge variety of meat, poultry and decent variety of seafood.
The meats and seafood selections are excellent as well.
The lemonade and baklava are fresh and delicious.
Impress them with your worldly food tastes.
My dad is middle eastern (from iran), so this place is comfort food for me.
The food is cheap, but really, really good.
Great place, amazing food and great prices.
Probably going to be a regular spot for mediterranean food for moi and the lady....
Great selection, food, prices, great soups.
If you want to eat a delicious falafel, look no further.
It's a casual eatery with tasty food at a great price.
The decor is delightful (pics to follow) and the staff is wonderful!
This is a fabulous restaurant, very casual and it gets busy at lunch time but the food is amazing.
You'll find spice, dried fruit, kitchen utensils and prepared food vendors and of course the incomparable peameal bacon breakfast sandwich.
Delicious, authentic and affordable korean food.
I love this place because of the food.
The food is always fresh and the service has always been prompt.
Fruit and veggies can't be best.
Great food, fresh juices, and espresso!
Deli and deli wall is always stocked with everything i need to throw a great party!
The food was amazing the the service was even better.
The food is fantastic.
I love this whole foods!
The produce is fresh, the meat is local and the seafood is to die for.
Flamingo and decatur the new smith used to be food for less is much nicer !
It was paired with a delicious gravy.
However, they were nice and warm out of the oven and very, very delicious.
Pricing: a bit higher than your normal breakfast restaurant but hey, you're paying for fresh food.
All those things aside, i love whole foods.
The hot foods bar.
The quality and taste of most of the hot foods/prepared foods bar is unbeatable.
Don't forget to check out the packaged hot foods across from the salad bar; same stuff but pre-packaged.
Farmers market (every saturday until 2pm): want super cheap fruit and veg then this is the place to go!
First, almost any ethnic restaurant with an attached grocery is going to have some good food.
On my first visit, i tried the shish-kabob and, to my delight, they treated the lamb very kindly.
Upon walking in, you're hit with the smells of fresh seafood, bagels, pasta, etc.
I like the food especially the steaks.
This place is a gold mine of delicious!
It was delicious, but the chorizo was the clear winner.
They have real street mexican food!!
Best thing about it is that on saturdays they serve peruvian food!!!!
There deli is superb and the bakery dept is top notch for fresh baked goods and artisan breads.
Their fresh produce is awesome and i always shop there for my fresh foods.
It looks like a hole in the wall kind of place but the food is really good!
That's healthier and cheaper than some fast food.
Really tender with a delicious coating!
I also got one of their smoothies which took forever to come out, but it was really delicious.
We were delighted to pop in out of the cold, and were immediately blown away by the food selection.
Everything is attractive, and i just wanted to spend all my cash on food.
Fruits and vegetables are cheap.
In their cases, they have different cuts of meats as well as marinaded or prepped meats, seafood, and veggies.
Great food, funky local restaurant - my favorite kind.
I ordered it spicy, per his suggestion, and it was delish!
Great customer service and low wait times for seating and food delivery.
Great finds on meats, cheese and other gourmet foods.
Lower floor has more of the prepared foods section.
The bratwurst and sausages are delicious!
They have a massive prepared food section too.
So clean, so friendly and the meat & seafood are amazing.
Food was 4 stars.
The vegetables and fish are fresh, but a bit high priced than it should be.
The foods that they make have lots of calories, but tastes fantastic!
Outside of the food prices and the wandering hippies, this place is awesome and has a little bit of everything.
I love this whole foods!
Probably the best italian food in northeast ohio!
The staff is friendly, the prices are low, the food, just perfection.
Incredible fruit/veggie selection at unbeatable prices (literally).
Robert is the "front man" of the freshly prepared foods.
Well, it was delicious.
The food is never disappointing and the salads are always fresh.
I loved that it came with fresh shredded carrots on top and the "meat" was surprisingly delicious.
You simply order and pay at the front and they call your name when the food is ready.
They have a great selection of produce, meat & seafood, and canned and frozen items.
The deli- i walked up two minutes after closing but they had not started cleaning up.
You're alone with your thoughts in the asian food section when suddenly they blast you with an ear-splitting announcement.
The food is really good and so is the coffee.
Whole foods market is a favorite venue for a variety of food items.
They have special offers for #evfn guests, and the food is amazing.
As for the grocery store itself- well you can't get a better collection of specialty and organic foods.
Whole foods are you reading?
They don't rip you off with everything that's organic like whole foods usually does.
The chicken shwarma is delicious.
A bargain shoppers delight!
While this is far from the luxury of, say, whole foods, in life, you get what you pay for.
The omelet and hash browns are also delicious.
The service is great, the coffee is yummy, and all breakfast items seem to be delicious.
Whole foods has meant the world to my vegan experience!
I go to whole foods 3-4 times a week!
We skipped our planned lunch and gorged on light, fresh fruits and veggies.
The place was packed with food & friends & fun, but we still checked out rapidly.
In terms of vegetables, make sure to shop around.
Just had a glass of the menu cab but it was delicious.
Inexpensive dairy, breads, spices, dried legumes and a fairly good selection of western food mixed in.
I love whole foods!
Overall this is a great whole foods just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it's always madness!
I love whole foods!
Because of this, i give whole foods 4 stars.
Cute place, great food and descent prices.
Delicious food and excellent service.
Brunch and breakfast is always good and their coffee bar is quite delicious.
I recommend dropping by to check it out and see how decent food should taste.
They have a good food and snack selection.
It's a great place, and i haven't even touched on the asian foods or actual store.
Great assortment of meats and cheeses at the deli counter, best part is they encourage sampling.
I eat at whole foods at least 5 days a week.
The food isles are kind of pricey.
A fun combination of tasty food and enjoyable quirk leave me excited to go back!
The shrimp or combo shrimp and octopus ceviche is always delicious.
It's a large store with good selection, especially if you're looking for some ethnic foods along with grocery staples.
The variety and selection of foods is so great all your grocery needs will be fulfilled.
Ethnically there's food from around the world.
I love coming here more for the hot foods and smoothie/juice bar than the actual groceries.
It function as an indoor farmers market with many cultures and ethnic food.
It was super lean and delicious with sweet coleslaw and thousand island dressing on swirled rye bread.
We even had the added task of needing delivery and it was no sweat for them.
Everyone on the crew raved about the food.
First up were the amazing homemade popovers with a maple infused cream delicious dipping sauce.
St. lawrence market however is food-based and pretty good grocers/resto/vendors at that.
Butcher shops, seafood shops, caviar shop, fruits & vegetables, prepared food vendors(buster's cove, etc...).
They also sell some dairy products and other healthfood / healthcare items.
This is a great whole foods!
They even have a salad bar and a hit bar all with delicious options!
This is one of the best whole foods i've visited!
One of my favorite spots for hookah, food, drinks and casual dates.
Got 5 ruby red grapefruit for $1 so i bought 20 for my diet.
The vitamins and supplements are also far more inexpensive than whole foods.
Great market with fresh food and outdoor tables on the terrance perfect for a summer's afternoon in downtown toronto.
The staff here is mostly friendly and the pizzas are delicious brick oven fresh!
The deli people are all friendly!
Coming from an italian, this is some high quality home cooked food with fresh ingredients served by friendly people.
But it all looks so delicious!
Italian pancetta & proscuitto and spanish chorizo in the deli(?)
The kimchi pancakes are deviously delicious!
It came with rice and several other sides that included a fish dish that was delightful.
I love all of their food.
The food is sublime.
She said the delicious hash browns had the same seasonings except substitute shallots for coffee grounds.
I miss my whole foods back home (los gatos, ca).
Please open a whole foods in litchfield park/goodyear,  arizona!!
Others have written about the great variety of vegan and alternative diet food, so i won't get into that.
The food here isn't amazing by any means, but it's sufficient for a nice business lunch.
They meat counter, fish counter as well as the prepared foods are wonderful.
The bakery section here has pitas that they make in house and they are just so soft and delicious.
The food was fresh, hot and filling.
They have nice selection of fruits and vegetables, vrac, antique flours, grocery organice products and frozen too.
The veggies and fruits, ok as well but not as cheap as organic selection of some larger grocery stores.
Viande, fruits et légumes et produits d'épiceries s'y retrouvent en abondances et en choix.
Bookmarked khorak supermarket recently and was suddenly craving persian food, so we decided to head on over.
We walked into the store and we went to the food section on the right of the store.
They have grilled vegetables and so many different options of vegetables and toppings in your salad.
I can just come here, delicious!
Whole foods definitely reminds me of nugget in northern california but it has a wider selection of foods than nugget.
Pros: - good selection of health food products.
- pricey--trader joe's and the east end food co-op carry many of the same products for less money.
Why would people shop in a gourmet deli and then bitch about prices?
Pusateri's is always consistently good, much better than whole foods and i find the service impeccable.
Newer options- click list & home delivery services.
Always a great selection of fresh food.
I mainly come here for the seafood.
I'm not sure why i feel the need to make a review on whole foods.
La tolteca, is an all in one stop for what you need food wise.
They make fresh guacamole, queso fresco, and many other delights.
The beans were delicious and moist.
You can fill yourself up on food and not break the bank.
I know for one, i will be back, maybe to try something new, or to have some more delicious cabeza.
There's always a delicious sample to try, too.
They recently updated their display case in the fresh meat and seafood case.
Sure to be fruits and vegetables worth buying in bulk to freeze.
The coffee was best so far, since being in vegas   the waffle combo was absolutely delicious,  fluffy and great flavor.
Overall, the food here is fresh and clean, with nice med flavors.
In a neighborhood where there isn't much around beside a small complex with a few restaurants but mostly fast food.
As a vegan (since 2008) we are a regular at whole foods.
Their gyros are delicious.
The selection is decent: you can pretty much always find the type of vegetable you're looking for.
Being a foodie, i love to see what fresh goods the local producers have to offer.
Prepared foods, pastries, chocolates, and more offered prime meal options.
The st. lawrence market was a full-service delight for locals and visitors alike.
Foodies should definitely include this as a stop on their toronto itineraries.
They are really speedy with their service and it's also really good food.
Greta restaurant great food.
I eat every last bite and it is so delicious.
The food is phenomenal!
The chefs were voice full which made that busy kitchen run smooth.but the food the food was the knockout!!
I've also gotten their lychee, jackfruit, dragonfruit, and rambutan from here as well (they have both fresh, and canned).
By far the best vegan food in montreal.
They even give you reward points called lucky bucks for future deliveries.
I'm brazilian and i love to find latin food in vegas.
They also always have fresh veggies and fruits in a great price.
Great food at good prices, well worth the drive across town.
I got my food fast, and my sub was meaty perfect.
I love whole foods, and i have been a fan for a few years now.
I've visited whole foods locations around the country, but this pittsburgh location is one of my favorites.
They are never rushing and throwing food into bags.
Deli/made-to-order: the deli and made-to-order foods are currently my favorite.
It's just the right texture, it's nice and herby and deliciously buttery.
Topped with swiss or muenster, it's a super delish sandwich.
Cheeses: if you want fancy gourmet cheeses, the whole foods deli counter might be the best choice.
We purchased a small amount of midnight moon goat cheese gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich.
Unfortunately, they discontinued one of my favorite products - field roast deli slices.
They bring in new and trendy foodstuffs though, so it's enough to keep me happy.
It's elegant displays, country charm, and gourmet food makes shopping at summerhill market a treat.
I'd characterize it as a cross between pipe tobacco and light, fruity incense.
They even have some exotic foods also.
Now granted i did cook it up, but it was delicious.
We come at least once a week to stock up on all our fruits and vegetables.
Instead, i was shocked by how delicious and creamy it was.
If you want great food...great service in a "mom's & pop's" atmosphere...this is definitely the place to come for breakfast!!!
Can you say food coma!?!
Stop by here and try this place out...food is bomb.com!!
There is a food court with a variety of options, along with a bakery.
Looked and smelled delicious, so i paid inside with my groceries.
Also, the sandwich was delicious!
Love the food (although with i go i'm usually craving the chicken shawarma and gyro plates.
Being from a small town in illinois, there is no such thing as delivery outside of a pizza joint.
The delivery driver got here so quickly that i thought i had an additional 30 minutes to put on pants.
Not something you would expect from a booze delivery.
Long story short, tl;dr - lucky's saved the day with superhuman delivery speed and a great selection at competitive prices.
It comes with rice and salad, it is delicious!
I've been to numerous whole foods in my life and the kind employees in this place takes the cake!
Awesome whole foods store.
The big market has a downstairs section with some prepared food places as well.
Their side stands are all yours - add how much cilantro, salsa, sauce, onions and etc to your beloved food.
They now offer more obscure allergen-free and gluten-free products that i can usually only find at whole foods.
The butcher remains the best in the area, losing only to whole foods across the river once again.
All the other nice stores (whole foods, wegmans, sunflower etc) have them.
The food is cooked fresh, noticeably healthy, in large portion, and is remarkably low-priced.
Simply lettuce, cucumber, wonderfully seasoned chicken and a delicious dressing all on a bed of hot rice.
Next is a cafe/bar area where you can order food to eat-in or take-with.
Next up is the sushi bar, olive bar, deli, emporium of cheese and charcuterie counter.
There is no longer a need to stuff your suitcases with delicacies bought in italy or france.
A live food demonstration was going on nearby.
I thought i was at the ix center's fabulous food show.
In addition to food, be sure to visit the beer section.
I never got any food before from get go until august 25, 2015.
Food was good quality and hot.
The menu is on a tablet filled with pictures of food and descriptions of their wine selection.
I ordered lambrusco through our server and it was so delicious and chilled perfectly.
They have a kitchen in the back and they make delicious burgers.
Got the kimchii burger, it was huge, juicy and delicious.
I had even seen a few gluten free tags on some of their food items.
Five fabulous stars for you sir, thanks for providing us with a worry free delightful dinner!
Now that they have a delivery service i love them even more!
Your great food delivered downtown phoenix via bikeforceus couriers is as "green" as it gets!
I absolutely love fresh fruits and vegetables and i really enjoy cheese, fresh cheese especially.
Great food, wide selection, and lots of fresh food variety how can you go wrong?!
Cool place to check out if you want to look at different types of food that they sell here.
Such a quality spot to grab the most important food in a persons diet.
- prices are quite high, but pretty similar to nearby whole foods.
- delicious pasteries & prepared foods (sandwiches, fresh salads!).
- good selection of healthy foods, including organic.
The seafood is always good, but not always 5 stars.
First time here everything was delicious.
When i do, i order a ton of food.
The food is cooked to perfection and tasty.
I live in north phoenix and delivery arrived in 35 minutes.
It's somewhat on the expensive end, but you get super high quality cuts and delicious marinated meats.
And if you're a foodie - this place is heaven.
The food is delicious, love the variety and quality, but most of all, everyone is so friendly!
Do yourself a favor and hit up alesci's for a great italian deli experience.
They have an extensive selection of sandwiches, hot food, a bakery that rocks it, and a decent wine selection.
The food here is so good.
Foods that are natural and organic and wholesome to bet.
This store offers a lot of brands and varieties of food.
The store is practically laid out to help you make the best food purchasing options available.
They have more organic foods than any other store i've seen.
Tons of options from bok choy to avocados to seasonal fruits.
They have a fresh seafood counter and a meat counter with ratings on the meat from one to five.
There is also a deli counter with fresh pasta salads and side dishes made in store.
My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar.
Man was it delicious!!!!
Fresh local veggies and fruits, local farm  beef, chicken, pork and sausage.
Huge selection of healthy foods, gluten-free, vegan etc.
They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde.
I would recommend coming here and stocking up on cheese and beef tamales and reveling in deliciousness.
Awelicious bread is really delicious as are their awelicious buns.
Several local eateries use their gf foods, like us egg and spinato's for example.
This place is very inexpensive and the food is very authentic, a wonderful portion size and delicious.
It is extremely delicious!
Ate here on 4th of july and the food was amazing!
I was so excited when i saw that whole foods was coming to wexford.
I used to live in alexandria va and shopped at whole foods there.
I love whole foods so much that i drove 40 miles to get there.
This whole foods is even better than the one in alexandria.
They have a wide selection of wholesome, healthy, and organic foods.
Locally grown plants and flowers, great produce, a good seafood collection and a great bakery
This vegetarian place is a little boutique and a little food court, overall an adorable gem.
We ordered our food at the counter, and they served us at the table.
My matcha latte was creamy and super delicious.
It's always been exceptionally delicious.
As far as middle eastern food goes, this place is highly recommended.
Their wonderful selection of fresh (options for organic and non-organic fruits, veggies, and products are appreciated!)
We also saw lots of folks with the chicken gyros which looked ample and delish.
Tons of food options as well.
I am happy to bring my out of town guest and know the food would be good
It's delicious, made from scratch goodness.
The service has consistently been great & the food is always good.
The rice and vegetables are so delicious and you always get a huge tomato that just came off the grill!
I need to visit this market more often, for the value of the food, and the freshness that everything holds.
I am a huge fan of this whole foods, particularly the grill.
Amazingly cheap and great middle eastern food.
The food is amazing!
Sweet fancy moses this place is delicious!
It was all fantastic and for all this food it was only $11.99!
The overall food was good.
Seafood pancake was not floury like other places.
Service was awesome and the food is always awesome!
The chicken shawerma plate is top-notch, and my god is there a ton of food.
I highly recommend nature's garden delivered!
Food, atmosphere, wine selection, service and location.
The food is unique, of the highest quality and priced really well.
The food is awesome and the prices are too!
Great food and coffee!
Cheap and delicious sandwiches that are served quick.
Friendly staff, excellent service.. and of course.... great food!
The food is good.
There are plenty of italian foods and things available for purchase.
It's clean, spacious and has a good selection of cheap fruit and vegetables.
This is the place to get your fruits and veggies!
I love their oat flagels and the fruit is pricey but i haven't found better fruit anywhere in the city!
I've had the grilled vegetable sandwich from their menu which was okay, but oily.
You can also order food and have it delivered to your table.
It's really nice, and they have good food!
Their pre-cut-up fruits and veggies are always appetizing and super convenient.
I personally recommend their homemade fruit cocktail...yum!
Cheese selection is also good and deli counter is ample.
If you love seafood you'll love this place.
- check out my review of mike's fish market   also great for ready made meals / fast food.
As well as nice clean sitting area for if you get food there.
That's a huge plus for me when talking about gas station food.
Nice deli counter with good selection of teas and coffee as well as pizza and sandwiches.
Food is amazing, service was excellent and a very relaxed atmosphere.
Food and ambiance at paymon's is unmatched.
Given that yelp never fails, the deceptively named la tolteca mexican foods was presented before us as an attractive option.
Now, i know i live in the northeast (veritable mexican food desert), but "oh.
Back to the food though... that really was the main event.
Maybe i just love mexican food too much... who knows, but i was really a happy camper here.
The prices are ridiculously cheap, and the food was amazing, flavorful and truly memorable.
Line-ups can be long, but well worth the wait at the deli counter!
And while you're waiting, sample some of the deli.
I also love the hot food section, offering various yummy lunch and dinner combos.
Yes you can drink inside whole foods.
If you sit at the barstools you can watch them make the food.
I ordered the chicken salad, which was a lot bigger than i expected it to be and tasted delicious.
Great product great staff!they have a great selection of meats chicken seafood and groceries!
I'm grateful to have mother-in-law that cooks the best korean food i will ever have.
Delicious sandwiches, cold beer and good music.
You honestly can't go wrong with any of their food choices- breakfast or lunch - as it's all incredibly fantastic.
Good, authentic, cheap middle eastern food.
Meets most of my mexican food needs.
There is a vendor that sells dried fruit and my husband is obsessed with the dried cranberries.
There are a few fruit vendors, some baked goods, lemonade, tea, jewelry, and food.
It's basically two stories of vendors selling everything related to food, and a bunch of trinkets that are not.
Most delicious and authentic mexican in toronto.
But have taken bites of the french toast from my wife plate and it delicious as well.
Great food that is original.
It' a very good market, and the best overall destination for food in toronto.
St. lawrence makes a great, central destination for everything a foodie needs.
She showed me onion soup in a box and she took me to the deli counter to get the cheese.
Lol  fresh bake breads, salad bar, sushi, fresh produce & seafood department.
Frozen foods, natural grocers & more!
It's super convenient that topline packages the food in individual servings within vacuum sealed bags.
It's nice cooking at home and knowing that you're eating quality food.
Food was great, and i highly recommend for big groups.
Food: this place has some pretty good middle eastern food.
You get a lot of food on your plate.
If you want to try some good low-priced middle eastern food, this is the place to come.
If not to eat, then to shop for food!
Whole foods has not let me down yet!
There is good food in phoenix."
The variety of food is extensive, and the prices are great!
The bake fresh lavash onsite that looks and smells delicious.
No water refills and slow on the food delivery and bringing the check.
They offer catering as well and have a giant deli-type selection.
Pretty good korean food.
If you are looking for a great, relaxed, delicious southern highlands breakfast spot then look no further.
I also had their passion fruit iced tea.
She is hardcore when it comes to spicy food.
Grocers are in tiers, from most expensive to cheapest it goes brennans, whole foods, sentry, trader joes, copps and woodmans.
Anything you buy here will be delicious.
The food is yummy!
However there is always a long wait at the deli.
I had the avocado eggs beagle that was delicious (i love that there are options for vegetarians).
I think i would learn a thing or two about food and wine pairings!!
Juices and smoothies are great, hot food bar changes daily.
Great deli, lots of boar's head meats and cheeses, pickled eggs, salads, pickles, olives, charcuterie, and lots more.
The food was so fresh and delicious.
We will be coming here to enjoy wine, beer, and food in the near future.
I love the food, and the menu is large and diverse.
Larger stores in phoenix, large selection of fresh meat and seafood and a great selection of microbrews
Some people don't need "atmosphere" to enjoy really good food!!
The food was amazing.
Good quality, gourmet food, lots of options, and very manageable portions.
And you can always pick your portions at the prepared food section including beet salad, teriyaki salmon, green bean salad.
I do wish you could pick your fruit salad fruit selection and portions too.
If you, like me, enjoy ethnic groceries go here for an indulgence in latin foods.
I went for the in-store food area, and i will be back for it.
Plus i will be back for made to-go food.
My favorite was the chorizo, but they were all delicious honestly.
Awesome place with awesome food...we were visiting from san diego, ca and this place lived up to the hype
I find it really easy to save money at whole foods.
Did you know that you can stack a whole foods coupon with a manufacturer's coupon?
This store barely compares to the whole foods in other cities, but its a start!
Pros: good food, simpler menu with pictures, good service.
So this review is from someone who doesn't eat this food often.
Nor someone who enjoys eating a lot of vegetables.
The flavours were amazing....the rice super fresh....side salad was delicious.
A definite mark on the map for wicked thai food!
If you want the best mediterranean food experience i highly recommend haji baba.
The stuffed churros are particularly delicious.
And great quality for the fruit and vegetables love this place  huge selection of meat  and again is very cheap
I recommend home delivery...
Is it the best food?
The food is pretty good as well, i am not much into mediterranean food except maybe hummus.
The pesto hummus at paymon's is delicious!
The quality of the food is fantastic!!!
I am always willing to pay for good fresh food , but not interested in expensive items.
Bbq place smack dab in the middle of the food?
Bright lights, music, kids screaming everywhere, and food samples.
Yummy yummy food but wayyy over priced for something i can make at home!
Definitely a pricey one-stop shop for convenient specialty foods and quick take-away meals.
Everything here looks delicious and i'm always tempted to grab a dessert.
I can't believe how hard it is to get authentic ethnic food here in cleveland.
The food is legit.
The food is good.
If you want real korean food in charlotte.
Overall, a good experience, service was excellent, the food was flavorable and met my expectations, but a bit pricey .
Fruit could definitely be better.
Friendly staff and excellent food!
Hugh portions, food came in hot.
I'm assuming this is family owned which is great because they really care about the quality of the food.
I love the convenience of the pre-made deli counter, when i'm not in the mood to cook.
The inside was rich and delicious, and the noodle was homemade perfection.
The actual store has everything you could ever want: meats, cheese, prepared foods, and specialty italian items.
Second visit, california bagel sandwich, delish!
I decided to do a little browsing since i was there and hit the deli next.
They had a parmesan pasta salad in the deli case so i ordered a quarter pound of that.
The shoe string fries were well seasoned and delicious!
Love everything about it, seafood sandwiches at the back....and now the wonderful array of free samples on saturdays!
Their in-house deli and bakery are also of good quality (holler back sprinkle brick!
My parents like their fresh veggies and fruits and their pork and whole fish.
I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it, like all other whole foods, is too expensive.
Best variety in organic foods.
The best lobster roll place in toronto, the food is so amazing, everything here is so delicious and reasonable price!!
I really like their deli meats, but beware there can be line at any time, day or night.
Salivating just thinking of the food again!
Excellent and unpretentious selection of gourmet foods.
On the plus side there is a cantina serving up great food cheap.
The platters are very fairly priced and boy is there a lot of food on them.
It's not a chore to support hearts choices- they are just plain delicious!
Great deli counter, great meat, organic chicken, frozen foods, clothing, electronics.
You'll have to go to their food truck for that.
Then there's all of the meat, fish and vegetable purveyors.
We do a main shopping for several things every three weeks or so at trader joe's and whole foods.
I love the selection of asian style foods.
Deli items already sliced and ready to go.
No matter how busy it gets, we always get our food promptly.
I'm telling you, some girls like shoes, i like food.
Great selection of products including international ingredients, organic products, health & beauty, and special diet foods such as gluten free.
Also a full kitchen to order food to eat there.
Sorso's food options are delicious!
My food came out quick and i devoured it!
But, at rise and shine, it is beyond delicious, portions are just right, and the price is right!
The food was yummy good!
This place its not nice  but de food so good the corn tortillas  so good exelnt service exelent
St.lawrence market is a unique blend of a bustling fresh food market in the heart of a dynamic modern city.
Their deli counter also has a wide variety of tasty salads (pasta, seafood, potato, etc.).
My review is strictly on the food since i got it to go.
Even-though was kinda pricey the food was the bomb.
The fruit always looked and tasted great.
I've been going to paymon's since it was a tiny deli on maryland parkway.
Great prices, great food, amazing gyros.
The restaurant is clean, the service is prompt, and the food is killer.
The rose water lemonade gives a hint of aromatic rose while delivering the classic lemonade flavor.
Great food and service!
The food has so much flavor you wont even miss the meat.
They have all kinds of foods and ingredients for veganista!
Love the variety and quality of food offered here.
Every time i am invited somewhere for dinner, i always bring a fruit tart from whole foods.
The whole foods back in los angeles are always packed, so this location is refreshing.
I am a fan of this food lion location.
I love havivg fresh organic fruits and vegetables weekly.
My favorite middle eastern food for over 15 years!
I haven't eaten at any other middle eastern food joint anywhere in the country that even comes close.
Addicted to the hot food served here.
I used to think that whole foods was too expensive and only for vegetarians.
They have everything from fresh meats, cheeses, fruits, produce and so much more.
St. lawrence market is legendary, glorious, and absolutely a foodie's dream come true.
It might not taste like meat but then again it isn't, so just appreciate it as a different food.
Whole foods is wonderful, albeit a little expensive.
The atmosphere is pretty decent and the food is even better.
And the amazing way that both old and new vegetables are treated here is amazing.
The produce section is good and the deli is nice and clean.
Th prices on items in the market area are great for spices, feta cheese in deli case, and olive oils.
Delivered right to my doorstep!
I do recommend this place for their steak, it was incredibly delicious.
Always good food and friendly service.
Cappuccino was okay but the steak was delicious.
The ultimate ribeye steak and eggs is delicious.
The store hosts food and wine events regularly, none of which i've attended (though they look good from a distance).
The hot food buffet has a so-so selection.
I notice there aren't a lot of organic choices in the take-out prepared foods...or in the dessert case...hmm.
I don't like how often canola oil appears in their prepared foods (i prefer olive oil and animal fats).
The portions here are big so we got boxes to take home our delicious left overs.
Over all i loved this place from service to food everything was spot on.
Highly recommend checking out, the best fruit and produce market in the st. james/cabbagetown area!
In the process, we were able to look at the fresh fish available, meats, pretzels, fruits/veggies... the list goes on.
Highly recommended if you are looking for a great deli.
Lots of specialty food shops from wine, cheese, bakery to clothing!
They have pretty steep pricing too and not nearly the selection as whole foods.
The staff is always on top of their game and the food is consistently great.
I don't know what the secret is behind their food and staff but it's a fantastic place to go.
They serve the most delicious tongue ever.
Once in a while you get some decent specials on meat, fruit & produce.
Great ambiance, awesome service, and amazing food!
I had the beef shawarma plate and it came loaded with food.
If you like middle eastern food, this is the place to go!
Great quality of foods!
Great selection of foods!
They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor.
Excellent food (particularly the shish kabbab ) & great iced tea!!!
Food is the best mediterranean food in town.
Plus you can shop their spices, canned and packaged foods.
You have two sides, delicious dining, and grocery i think i am in love.
The food was also amazing.
I would agree that metclafe's is best for speciality foods and arrangements that you aren't going to find elsewhere.
Amazing food and friendly people.
A selection of local cheeses, meats, drinks and a fruits-vegetables section make this an excellent all-around grocery as well.
Did i mention both are super delicious?
And, of course, the most delicious hummus (with a pickle on top).
Food is authentic, delicious and inexpensive.
Very humble, plain dining area but the food is 5 stars.
No beer or wine served here, but the food made up for it.
Since they've did some remodeling things are a lot better here.
They always have a great selection of food and their liquor department is amazing.
Delis and cheeses and bakeries oh my.
Fresh fruit and veggies, spices, grains, coffee beans galore!!
(are you suffering from food overload yet?)
I like this whole foods location.
This is a teeny weeny whole foods.
Whole foods has that "whole paycheck" reputation.
Granted, this is true if you're spending your whole paycheck on rare, gourmet, specialty foods!
This is the only authentic korean food place in charlotte at least that i know of.
They sell korean grocery in the front and in the back there's a small place to order and eat food.
The menu has some of the basic korean food such as bulgogi, jajangmyeon, kimchi jii gae and etc.
The food was good and prices were decent.
I wouldn't say it was the best korean food i've ever had nor the worst.
This place satisfies my cravings for korean food when i can't drive down to atl.
You could go browsing around while waiting for your food if you want.
Very casual and modest place, all they care for is giving us good food.
When i think of good middle-eastern food in arizona, haji-baba is what comes in my mind.
Their price is very cheap compared to the quality of the food.
But other than that food is good..
The food is delicious and inexpensive.
Not only is the food reasonably priced, it comes in large portions in a timely manner.
While the food is delightful, the atmosphere is strange and, to be frank, slightly dirty.
That's scrumptious and delicious combined.
It's delicious, and yummy.
The quality and taste if the food is excellent.
A good variety of food especially if your party is a mix of vegetarians and carnivores.
Hands down, the best middle eastern food i've had.
Each time service was great, wait was short, food was amazingly good and the prices reasonable.
They also sell traditional foods which is nice to try out.
They also sell vegetables and fruits which is great too.
Definitely my go to for european foods.
It has food and drinks and more food(its a grocery store).
You can find some really great food here.
This place is the essence of middle eastern food.
The food was very delicious.
When i got my plate i was impressed with the portion amount, it's a lot of food!
(even food for my dog!!)
Awesome italian deli/grocery store.
They also have a ton of homemade prepared foods.
I'm delighted that my friend recently recommended starsky's.
I had no idea that such a great grocery/deli was available in mississauga.
We walked out with $60 worth of deli meats, cheese and bread that we did not plan for.
The employee helping us at the deli counter, kim, was very pleasant and super helpful.
Oh, whole foods.. if only i can come here more often i would.
They have an area to dine indoors with a great selection of middle-eastern foods at great prices.
Great fresh prepared foods, great groceries and great customer service!
Today i discovered that they use skip the dishes and grubhub to offer delivery for their freshly prepared foods.
Next time i'll use skip the dishes to order la plaza delivery for lunch at work!
Possibly the best authentic korean food around.
You'll never want to buy steel cut oats at whole foods again!
They carry a nice assortment of locally sourced food accompaniments as well.
The fruit/veggies are not cheap but they do have the organic advantage.
Then i found topline foods and all i can say us wow!
Great array of organic choices, unbeatable prices for organic and fresh food while being a huge money saver!
Wonderful venue, excellent wine selections, great food!
They also have a wide range of options for food and drink.
You better come hungry because they pile on the food!
Great happy hour prices and amazing food menu.
We've frequented it a few times and the service and food has always been on point.
Thank you again for such awesome service and ending our reunion with delicious food.
I ended up treating myself to some mango peach crepes and they were delicious!
Blows whole foods out of the water and even bests metro market, seattle and down to earth on oahu.
Huge selection of fruits and veggies with some of the lowest prices you've ever seen!
This place is so cute and has a great location not to mention the yummy food!
You can get incredibly fresh seafood here, fresh meat, fresh vegetables, fruit, etc.
The bakeries have the freshest loaves of bread and they taste delicious.
Restrooms are kept clean, store is always clean, and the food is super fresh.
Their deli sandwiches are delish and easy to pick up on the way out to mountains or the lake.
The pot of bread was delicious along with the jam and butter.
All the food was wonderful and perfectly cooked.
And he's cute so that's a great touch..   food: 5/5 i ordered a chicken salad sandwich.
The food is hot.
The belgian waffle was delicious as was the maple syrup.
Our new "go" to place for middle eastern food.
Everything was delicious and the service was very fast even though it was packed.
The frozen food section is really quite smaller than many other stores.
They also have a wide variety of prepared foods and hot foods like a wing bar and chinese-american type foods.
Most and close to all of ht deli and bakery's only have one cheese slicer.
Seasonal sandwiches and mac and cheese are delicious.
The presentation of the food was one of the best parts of this spot.
You get a lot of food for the price you're paying and its quality.
They both came with rice and vegetables however i found the white rice to be bland tasting.
Fun to shop the few aisles of unique food and beverage items!
Other than that the resteraunt and food itself is clean and bomb.
Highest quality meat, seafood and poultry in the city!
Ok but seriously, this is the nicest whole foods i've been to.
Great selection of foods and organic meat.
Okay so 6.50 lb hot food wed + nocturnum beer + organic eggplant + hot moms = 4 stars!
The main dish in bridgeland is an open concept market-style restaurant that's reminiscent of a whole foods or sunterra market.
Wow, everything was so delicious!
The biscuits and gravy were easily the most delicious we have ever eaten!
They were absolutely delicious.
1st timer, busy breakfast place in southern highlands- everything was delicious.
Chilequiles and chicken and waffles were delicious.
Selection and variety of baked goods to meats to seafood to cheese and everything else is vast!
I'm glad i did, the people there are so nice and the food is great.
Its a bit of a drive for me but that's worth it for the food and atmosphere there.
It's a really amazing place that you would find a wide variety of food ...
Simply like deli breads, cakes, veggie panini, smoked salmon, crab legs, lobsters and fresh oysters.
Finally went, (not smart enough to realize mediterranean covers a large area with many different foods) now we are hooked!!!
You basically take the food home, reheat it if necessary, and you're set.
It's doughy, somewhat delicate, and coated in flour.
Home made ethnic takeout always burns fast food.
They have some local foods here which is great, a nice deli area, and produce section.
After a lot of remodeling, this place looks really nice.
There were 5 of us and everyone loved the food.
This isn't fast food, it's good food.
Their veggies and fruit are always fresh and good!
Ps bulgogi pork with vegetables is what i had - delicious (and super hot).
Side note: the food saver is actually $50 cheaper there than it is on amazon.
Always nice to walk over and get fresh veggies and fruit.
Great fresh food too, made right there for you!
The hot food bar breakfast and lunch has a great selection and the items are very tasty.
Everything on the menu is fantastic and the service (delivered in quirky striped pajamas) is friendly and efficient.
Their cakes are so moist, fresh and insanely delicious.
I love their hot deli too.
The only comparable places in madison are whole foods, brennan's, willy st.
However, when it comes to standard packaged foods, selection is very limited.
I do wish that sprouts had a better selection of condiments, basic canned foods, and other such things.
The food was good, and very pretty (my husbands).
- hot food: they serve sandwiches using the sesame bread they bake on site.
- bakery: their bakery serves delightful little sweets and desserts.
It is delivered on our day like clockwork around 2am.
We think ngd is a great value for organic produce delivered to your door and highly recommend ngd!
Breakfast/lunch turned out to be delicious and the perfect portion size for my hunger levels!
Surprisingly very good take home chicken at the deli and hot food counter.
Great value for good food at a very good grocery store.
The bread was delicious and the bruschetta so good.
Enjoyed the food, especially their house mimi cinnamon bread in a cup
The food is really good, too.
Surprisingly cheap for the quality and the wait time to get your food after ordering was minimal.
Amazing italian and mediterranean food under one roof???
If you want excellent greek/mediterranean/italian food while in vegas, without the long lines, then paymon's is the spot!!
Outstanding quality of fresh meats and seafood at great prices.
And the chicken is so fresh and tasty over the chain food stores that you will never regret it.
I am a conscious and healthy eater most of the time, and whole foods market supports this lifestyle.
Believe it or not, whenever i step foot into whole food market, i feel healthier.
Visiting friends in vegas from sydney, and have been blown away by the service and food here.
Seriously though, get the skyr and out it on top of grapefruit slices and you will be forever changed.
Simple, delicious, tart, creamy, juicy: everything good!
The food in authentic and delicious, being a local it is definitely a go to restaurant.
They also have some other live fish too plus a good selection of other seafood.
Back to the review... many options for asian foods.
I picked up several packaged food items that were already expired so i had to look around for valid dates.
I thought the food was creative and full of flavor, and the service was decent as well.
Butcher, fresh foods counter, dried goods, everything is fantastic here but unfortunately the produce isn't always the best.
The main dish is a unique fast-casual or dine in restaurant offering delicious and healthy meals.
Groceries are convenient but whole foods is just around the corner.
Oh have i missed their delicious wonderful food...
We really enjoyed the food here.
Prices are not bad for the amount of food you get, we liked the auce special for pastas.
Excellent food and service.
Delicious food that is worth the long wait.
Fantastic food every time!!!!!!
The food is authentic, the meat is tender and flavorful, and the pita is quite soft.
I love shopping at whole foods - the overall experience is great.
Anytime i've bought produce, i've found odd fruits/vegetables in their display that i've taken home and really enjoyed.
- and their hot food bar is always pretty inventive with a few great typicals).
The best food market in the united states?
The best food market in canada?
Great middle eastern fast food.
Quality prices, take a peek around the store while you wait for your food.
All the fresh food merchandise and restaurants you can imagine.
Perfect place to get a quick bite and shop persian food items
Know when you see those fruits that have been sitting there just a tad too long?
I have actually seen a worker combing over and removing bad fruits.
They have strong food standards.
I remember coming on weekends with my mom and grandma and stocking up on tons of fruit and veggies .
The cheapest place in the east valley for fruits, veggies and other local products !
I loved the selection of cheeses and deli meats!
Honestly, i spent maybe only $8 for 5 pieces of delicious slices of cakes.
Entering the produce section of whole foods is like wandering into a bountiful garden.
Good food can be had by anyone these days, no excuses.
Whole foods has made a special effort to cater to consumers with other dietary restrictions as well.
Whole foods' commitment to natural and wholesome ingredients is evident everywhere.
Whole foods also has a wide selection of organic soy milk, almond milk, and coconut milk.
Whole foods only buys coffee from fair trade suppliers and emphasizes their support of growers who practice sustainable agriculture.
Unfortunately, the demand for foods that are organic, unadulterated, and wholesome is relatively small.
Fortunately, whole foods meets the demand in spades.
The aisles with all the food stuffs are in the middle and the kitchen off to the right.
The food is very reasonably priced and you get served relatively quickly.
Despite not enjoying the lamb's tongue everything else is quite delicious.
I've been to paymon's once for dinner, and had some really good food so i fully intend to return!
When it comes to comfort food, outside of the home kitchen, this is the place.
It has everything you could possibly be looking for: cheese, fruit, veggies, meat, seafood, wine, dessert, and other little shops.
If the food wasn't so good i def.
The food was wonderful - their signature pot of bread and ultimate steak and eggs were delicious!
Prepared breakfast yogurts and fruit cups for on-the-go.
Delicious gourmet sandwiches made to order.
They have a nice deli and produce area as well.
Awesome find for fruits and veggies!!
The fruit is amazingly cheap and so are some veggies.
Im loving the huge selection of beers they have displayed in cool fridges and the remodeling looks great.
Thanks costco for all the healthy food choices and the not so healthy food court pizza, love it!
I really love whole foods, especially when it comes to quality of food.
We had our 4 year old and the food was perfect for him.
I'm persian , so it's not a persian plate but definitely is delicious ..
In the market , you can find all kinds of mediterranean spices , food , and other stuff.
It's such a sprouts thing, i don't feel that way when i shop at a trader joe's or whole foods.
I truly love the food at paymons.
St. lawrence market is like a farmers market, gourmet food market, eatery and tourist shop rolled up into one.
The lower level has vendors selling things like ethic foods, maple syrups, touristy nicknacks and even a hat boutique.
The upper levels consists of mainly fresh seafood, meat and produce vendors.
By far the most popular place the day i visited was the seafood restaurant buster's sea cove.
They serve fast and very delicious seafood sandwiches and entrees.
Everything awesome, fresh and delicious is in this place for the right price.
I was at le gourmand yesterday for brunch for mother's day with my family and it was absolutely delicious!
To accompany the pancakes, the plate was loaded up with fresh seasonal fruit and two slices of crispy bacon.
My sister ordered the fruit salad bowl with yogurt, granola and honey.
For a very simple dish, it was so delicious and plentiful.
This place just spells out delicious!
In the grocery/dry food section they often have wonderful gourmet items for super-reduced prices.
Sometimes there are freebies, like organic milk or ripe fruit.
If you're looking for a great restaurant, check this place out, it's delicious!
The amount of food served on the plate is huge too, so be ready to share or take some home.
I come here on a weekly basis and never spend more than $10 on vegetables and fruits.
Their food court chile relanos are big and full of cheese!
I got the smoked salmon benedict (or eggs norwegian) and it was delicious.
Everyone was happy with their food.
I honestly believed her hahahah great food and great morning spent here!!
Amazing food and service.
Especially the food stands that sell freshly carved, crispy skin back bacon sandwiches.
There was no shortage of affordable fresh produce and interesting high-end packaged foods.
Cool joint good home cooking food.
Great food and great service both times we ate there this week .
The deli is fantastic.
I can't say enough on the vegetables and fruit selections.
I try to get my vegetables and fruit there and get other essentials from the regular grocery store.
We ordered food from the hookah bar side.
The hookah tasted great and the food was even better.
Literally the food even tasted amazing as leftovers.
Amazing made from scratch foods.
The enchiladas and quesadillas are delicious too.
First off, our food was done fast.
When we got the food we opened it up and dug in.
The meat to vegetable to bread ratio was absolutely spot on.
Was it absolutely delicious?
Even the kimchi they source out of chi-town is delicious.
I love the atmosphere, i love the old historic building, i love the people, i especiallyy love the food .
:d if that doesnt satisfy you, they have some amazing cooked, ready to eat food as well .
This shop is stocked with an impressive selection of local, imported, artisanal cheeses and other food items.
Great middle eastern food at the super price!
You can't beat the prices on the sandwiches for the amount of food you get.
Yeah, ok food city, as a store, pales in comparison to ranch market.
It has a nice selection of foods and the service is good.
This place has outstanding food!
And in contrast to the bland walls, the food came out full of color, clean of presentation.
I have always loved bulk food stores, and strictly bulk did not disappoint.
I couldn't believe the large selection of clothes, shoes, groceries, deli, bakery goods.
They even had a basket of fruit with apples oranges bananas for kids and did i mention it's free.
The deli was amazing.
The premade sandwiches at the deli are delicious.
Both were delicious and it was fun being about to try his dish since he doesn't eat gluten free!
Great food great service!
Lovely food and equally lovely people.
The food is vibrant, fresh, and inventive and the pantry items they stock are similarly great!
I keep saying i'll try something different but our usual is so friggin delicious- why risk it?
We start with the seafood pancake which is loaded with squid, octopus, shrimp, mussels, faux crab and sometimes even scallops.
My usual is jjampong, a seafood soup with veggies and udon noodles.
Very adorable little round loaf of slightly cinnamon gooey deliciousness seem to be on many tables during my visits.
Light and easy drinking, this beer has citrus and spice notes and is meant to be served with seafood.
Much of the fruit and veg is close to (or past) its peak.
The cup of bread is to die for, delicious, soft and the right amount of sweetness!
The vegetable platter consisted of babaganoush, tabouli, falafel, hummus, yogurt and a salad.
I sprinkled it with sumak to further enhance the flavors and it was really a delicious dish.
Our food was truly enjoyable.
Yummy food fast and friendly service.
I especially like their bulk foods section of the store - they've got a good variety of foods.
Tried sorso for the first time and really enjoyed the atmosphere, wine, happy hour food items and prices.
It's a reliable go-to for good food and good service.
I feel as if the food could've been fresher, but the catering and overall atmosphere was pretty relaxing.
I'd totally recommend it for anyone who has never had korean food before and wants to try it out.
Pricing is good food is tasty service is great very relaxing dining area
Best korean food in charlotte.
Spicy seafood soup is a must!
The quality is superb, the prices are great and the food is always fresh.
I tried my friend's grape leaves last time and they were delightful.
The bakery with delicious pastries & unique chocolates.
The seafood area that inspires me to get my special dishes on like brown sugar salmon!
The best gas station/ deli / liquor store/ everything .....
Food is great and i love their fresh juices!!
Delicious lunch for a fast paced life.
Our favorite butcher with the freshest meats and seafood!
I recently moved to a new apartment and made a quick run to whole foods to stock up on groceries.
As for the food i ordered their tapp sandwich.
The produce is often a crap and i don't like digging through boxes of moldy fruit.
The fresh food/produce is incredible.
The little food booths they have are very tasty.
By far one of toronto's best seafood diner/booth.
The food here has to be good, because curb appeal certainly isn't what draws customers through the door.
The food, service and prices makes up for it.
Friendliest staff, clean store, fresh produce and i love their meat counter and deli!
One of my friends got a cupcakes which looked delicious and she said it was as well.
They were all so delicious.
A must try if you love asian food as much as i do.
Good food and excellent service.
The bread in a cup was delicious too!
Great addition to scottsdale quarter - awesome happy hour, nice servers and a lot of yummy food to chose from!
Good food, great portions, good service, and the grocery store was a nice bonus!
- deli counter  - checkers is inside!!
Cons:  - the fresh fruit is extremely undesirable.
- deli counter has no number system.
The food came out nice and fast, but they did t kind that we lingered.
There is a grocery store in the restaurant with really authentic food items.
Staff are friendly and got the usual costco items from huge boxes of food to electronics to food area kirkland.
The south market is filled mostly with cheesemongers, purveyors of meats, and produce/fruit stalls.
I know that shopping here my food is fresh and i can avoid long lines.
Always great for a variety of wholesome foods and desserts!
Prices are slightly above standard - but the quality of food makes up for any hesitation.
There seem to be a lot of tiny natural food stores scattered across the annex.
This place is fantastic, new york deli style restaurant.
Liked how there is a spot to eat your lunch that you buy from the deli/bakery area.
The chicken shawarma plate is quite delish!
A real amusement park for foodies.
Very good coffee, good deli items and you can have grocery items too.
I'll have to agree with some of the below reviewers that this place isn't dead-on authentic mexican food.
The food - that's probably the only tougher part.
It's a grocery store as well that sells hard to find mediterranean spices, juices and other foods.
As well as a fast food joint inside offering hotdogs and burgers and stuff.
When shopping for food while going to university costco is a must.
Bulk foods that are fast and easy to make which dont taste like cardboard or kraft dinner.
Great mediterranean food & service!
The second floor consists of mostly butcher shops and prepared foods.
There was quite an array of food here too many to even describe.
You could easily spend half a day here shopping and buying various types of meats, sausages, and prepared foods.
Living out in laveen we were craving some middle eastern food and found this lovely gem on the east side.
The feel is super casual, affordable & food is delicious!
Not seen here is a falafil wrap and a shish wrap, both very filling and delicious.
Nothing but good memories and great food.
Super rich and very delicious.
It has every food you could ever want in one place.
A great place where fresh fruits and veggies are at your finger tips.
They have everything from seafood to kitchen gadgets to cooking classes.
This market has a wide variety of food stops to fill that belly.
Generous amount of meat on sandwiches and delicious macaroni salad.
Great selection of stuff (clothing, cleaning supplies, toiletries, dishware and food/drinks!).
Food didn't take long, staff were all friendly and kept a close watch on everyone's drinks.
Best korean food in charlotte.
If you are not familiar with korean food or don't eat it often i would jus recommend the following.
The service is great and the food is amazing with generous portions.
Excellent food, service and friendly atmosphere.
They offer a wide variety of truly organic foods and snacks.
Stopped at the meat department where the man gave me a sample of the seafood salad which was great.
Got the rest of my groceries and last stop was the deli.
I was asking about the deli trays and a different lady heard and brought me a brochure.
The food was delicious and beautifully presented!
The food, service, and atmosphere was all really great!
I got the cold chicken salad from the deli area, and my mom got a tuna salad.
Great food, great service!
The passion fruit iced tea is delicious!!!!!!
Please go, enjoy the food...it's worth it.
This place smells delicious.
They're cooking up lots of good persian food like koobedeh.
The guys working the food section are friendly.
The koobedeh sandwich pita i got was delicious and only $5 + tax.
However, prices were just a wee bit higher than i would deem fair, given what was delivered.
This place is just true blue delicious.
Firefighters love good food and eat a lot but do not make a lot of money.
Secondly, the food is good.
Preparation of the food seems to always be quick as well.
Also, the market side seems to sell many cheap, varied food and kitchen items.
In addition, their deli is amazing and has a wide range of selections for all walks of life.
This is the only choice for our family's meat and deli needs.
They have pretty good food court with some pretty good biscuits and gravy in the morning.
There's one lady employee in the deli food court area in the am who is pretty rude.
Enjoying a 3 piece chicken tender/popcorn chicken combo lunch plate with two sides from the walmart deli.
They have also suggested several wines for me that have been delicious.
The best place where you can buy healthy food.
This store use to be lowes foods...until about a half a year ago....its big and clean.
Good food, well made, great buffet to go!
The sandwiches that are hand made at the deli are very good.
Food:  i had the ultimate steak and eggs.
The green go go fresh juice drink was delicious and didn't taste like grass like one would assume.
They even have all the food snack items that you need to put out while entertaining.
Always been a fan of whole foods, & this location hasn't changed my mind.
We are visiting from florida and wanted something off the vegas strip that would be delicious for breakfast.
All the food was delicious i would recommend it to anyone.
Do i think pizza from their cafe is an acceptable and actually quite delicious meal, yes.
It's not just the food either; the staff is so nice.
Excellent quality seafood, meats and so much more.
The service was top notch and the food was great!
Best middle eastern food in tempe by a long shot!
Plus a sandwich is extremely cheap and delicious as well!
They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in.
Plus, the foods delicious.
I would highly recommend rise & shine to anyone who likes quality food and great service.
Seafood, meats, peameal bacon sandwiches and all sorts of assorted goodies!
Whole foods is not cheap but excel in regards to quality and options.
If you want wings, sushi, plantains, indian food, sandwiches, salad and much more, the deli has it.
Make sure to download the whole foods app and if you have amazon prime you can save on certain items.
And for that whole foods, i salute you.
I come back and walk in to variety of low prices for different fruits and vegetables.
You can get even lower prices for box of fruit or vegetables that might be closer to their prime.
I walked out with mix of produce and fruit for $8.00.
Ate here on 4th of july and the food was amazing!
Amazing food but there very busy ( i guess that's a good a thing) so be ready to wait!
Great food, amazing service!
And the food was awesome!
They guys that work the registers are friendly and the food is delicious.
Whole foods just seems more expensive because they do not carry preservative filled, chemically enhanced products.
Everything is delicious and fresh.
Great grocery store over all with the exception of the deli department.
Every time i go, the deli is packed and seems understaffed.
There is usually a long wait at the deli.
The food and market have great prices and the food is as authentic as it gets!
If your looking for ingredients to cook middle eastern food this is the place.
I simply love love wholefoods!
We never buy canned vegetables any more.
The music was nice, the crowd was lively and the food looked great.
The prepared foods section is fantastic, pasta is well-made...but the macarons are evil-good (i'm passionate about the passion-fruit).
We placed different orders, we were all please with how delicious everything was.
Pros: - so many different fruit/veggie, meat, seafood, cheese, etc stands to choose from!
Add great food and u got a great place.
Metcalfe's has it all, variety, fresh produce, beautiful presentation of their products, and a great deli.
There are many freezers that have frozen meats and foods.
They get in all kinds of stuff, like peppers tomatoes, fruit,potatoes,and butter.
Service is always great and always have fresh food, place is always so busy.
In a hot stone pot, there is rice, beef, vegetables and some seasonings.
Eric at the bar is a delight, but everyone else is always amazing too.
Omg, their food is awesome!
Great, healthy, flavorful food.
The deli salads ate delicious and i've tried them all.
I come here 2-3 times a week to get some bomb food.
The meat firstly is deliciously marinated giving it is unique flavour.
They have a wide assortment of nuts, fruit, meat, and absolutely amazing bread which they make on site.
The best part in my opinion is the hot table of plentiful food.
Beautiful, delicious persian food.
Be sure to go on an empty stomach so you can try as much food as possible!!
I can't complain about the food.
Delicious fresh juices !
It's always lively with loads of different foods, all of which are delicious.
Highly highly recommend checking this place out for quality and local meat, fish, fruits and veggies!
Good if you got the craving for mexican food.
I also love that on my way out, i can grab some delicious samosas for a buck a pop.
Their italian dressing for the salad is delicious!
If you like vodka infused hookah, good drinks, food and a awesome atmosphere then this is your spot.
Good service and great food
Fantastic service deli... very clean organized store and friendly employees.
It has a large, varied produce section, a good selection of meat (at the counter and wrapped) and seafood.
The food was flavorful, well-made, and the pot of bread will literally melt in your mouth.
Although the food was delicious, our absolute favorite part of this place was our server, ryley!!!
Only bad thing is that it was so cold it made our food cold instantly.
Wide variety of meats, produce, fast food, bakery, etc.
But that's just me and i have a soft spot for specialty food stores like this.
The food is cheap and delicious.
You can't leave without trying one of the delicious varieties of baklava they prepare as well.
This is *the* place to enjoy middle eastern food!
Overall it is a amazing place with delicious authentic korean food, great service and reasonable price!
I was so excited to try korean food upon moving to charlotte.
The japchae was actually delicious, and we gobbled that one up quickly.
The market is somewhat large, clean, and has a great selection of asian food items.
I bought a bunch of filipino food that i've not had in way too long.
Fresh juices and smoothies are delicious.
Food is good - sometimes items might come out incorrect but they are always quick to fix the problem!
Hot bar prepared food section is a must!!
Wide variety of produce, merchandise and food stalls.
The seafood section can be hit or miss.
Whole foods is a great destination for all things food.
Whole foods is my "healthy lunch standby" during the work-week.
The prepared food section at this location is superior.
Try their food counter.
Some shops have fruits and vegetable sales.
They sell all kinds of mexican food, but let's be real, i'm here for the tacos!
I've tried all of their tacos, and all are delicious!
They provide freshly veggie and fruit drinks straight up.
One last thing, don't forget to check out their food and dessert court.
Big ups to the whole foods seafood counter guys at fort apache...they're the best.
John mcginnis special food store has closed due to the owner's decision to retire.
They have a large selection of exotic fruits & vegetables which u can't find in regular american grocery stores..
Seafood and meat are really fresh!
Very soothing environment and the food tasted good.
Nicely decorated mediterranean restaurant and lounge with great food & hookah menu.
The chilaquiles were delicious.
I tried them all and they were all delicious.
There was no sitting area but it is your typical mexican street food.
Great place to pretend i am a foodie and can cook, haha.
I used to frequent the whole foods in campbell, ca.
Ah, but then i moved to chandler and found this amazing whole foods!!!
They have an amazing produce section, an awesome deli, a wine bar, and smoked meats section!
So i made the trip to check out my local whole foods.
If you are a fan of whole foods, this is an amazing store!
This location is the location to go to if you want to enjoy some great food and fun atmosphere.
For the price, it was a large, high quality, delicious pastry.
Veggie tamale ($2.99, in the prepared foods area, comes steamed).
I plan on getting a 2 or 3 of these and some of whole food's amazing guacamole on the side.
Amazing food for a great price!
The portions are big and the food is nice and tasty!
If you want authentic food and the bang for your buck come here!
Also the pickles here are delicious!
The food and service make up for this though.
Lots of options but especially great because all the food is amazing!
Their hash browns are delicious too.
But it's still delicious with butter or the packaged jam.
The food was actually pretty good!!
They also carry gluten free nitrate free deli slices.
Fresh fruit, veg and local items like jam, honey and candy.
The café has great food and their brunch is especially good and they even sometimes have live music!
So cute, great service and delicious food.
The menu could be a bit more diverse but nonetheless the food was great.
Location is convenient if you're near southern highlands and food is good.
I wish there was a whole foods close to my house.
Prices are as expensive as you've grown to expect from whole foods.
Seriously, check this place out if you're a foodie.
This is the place to go if you need that obscure ingredient, or food.
They also have some vegetables and snacks.
Seriously, the cheese is delicious too.
I'm trying to ration my produce but i am a vegetable fiend.
Unripened fruit isn't that distressing to me, it just means i'll have something left to eat in a few days.
Doesn't take much people, but ngd really did deliver.
Turkey sandwich on ciabatti bread was delicious, salad bar was great but pricey.
This grocery store is pretty much inpecable..clean..low prices on their vegetables and fruit..my favorite favorite is their pink grapefruit.
Their deserts and hot foods are very good!
The dumplings were delicious, too!
I can make all home made food at home, that doesn't exist in america in any restaurants.
Solid middle eastern food espcially for phoenix/tempe.
All the food is good here!
It's the place that i always tell people is the most unknown deli in phoenix!
The toppings bar is incredible with guacamole, cilantro, salsas, and some delish red sauce that really made the taco!
It's very comprehensively stocked, if you need anything south asian food related and halal, chances are iqbal will have it.
Good food, tastes fresh, great for families and children.
I've been shopping at whole foods religiously for the past month.
No more processed foods or foods with all that added crap that kills us.
Fresh fruits, best organic meats and veggies too!
Whole foods has definitely given me life!
I've tried the mediterranean food, but actually prefer the italian food here.
Hookahs not bad and the food/drink prices pretty damn good.
One time a group of 9 of us, total bill (food, hookah, and drinks) was less than $250.
This place has excellent food, fantastic hummus, all in a great, casual grocery-adjacent atmosphere.
I recommend the tongue sandwich, so delicious and tender, but there's no bad item on the menu.
I go here alot because its delicious and super affordable.
Great middle eastern food.
I will always return here for desert, food, and good atmosphere.
I love the food here and the prices.
Inside this simple exterior tucked in a strip mall you'll find some excellent food.
The food was awesome.
Given the quality and quantity of food it's a bargain at $14.95 ($16.95 with three eggs).
Good food and good service.
Nothing blows my socks off but the food is always good.
So about the food......my new favorite is the stuffed blueberry french toast.....it was deliciously warm and very satisfying.
Since i'm from korean, i miss korean food, but not every korean restaurant is same.
Pepero has affordable prices and almost every dishes are delicious.
Food was very good.
Consistent selection of merchandise, including foods hard to get anywhere else.
Vegetables arent the freshest but beer and deli are a nice touch.
Cheap prices for great food.
I love whole foods.
But i try very hard to eat as much gmo-free, organic foods as possible.
Unfortunately, this city is not too organic friendly, so whole foods or sprouts are my two spots to go.
They have a variety of things here, from delicious dessert to seafood and meats.
They have many interesting and lesser known brands of food that are quite good.
There were so many varieties of fresh fruits vegetables meats cheeses and wine.
Do not forget your phone with your amazon app when you go to whole foods.
The heirloom tomatoes are stunning and delicious.
-wal-mart, which doesn't really serve food.
It was time to wean myself off and focus on what my body really needs veggies and fruits.
I can go on and on about wholefoods, but it would take more chapters and chapters.
In union square's whole food their scones were huge and delish...ahhhhhhh.
So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food.
Lots and lots of food.
They have a deli area with a side selection of cold foods to take home.
Piping hot and delicious.
Kind of like whole foods but not as expensive.
Produce is also good, clean, not too expensive and a wide variety of vegetables.
Sometimes i find some pretty exotic fruits and vegetables.
Whole foods has tons of vegan options that are ready to order.
The bakery serves up some deliciousness as well including vegan cakes, pies, brownies, cupcakes, and even truffles!
I bought the vegan cookies and cream cake for my birthday and it was every bit of delicious.
The salad bar offers a lot of options to make a delicious salad.
All the food i had here was incredibly fresh, delicious, and flavorful.
Chile relleno burrito - a monster made of delicious.
The salsas are also really fresh and delicious.
Even though i prefer spicier food, the mild salsa verde was very flavorful and delicious.
I really enjoy going to whole foods for shopping.
It's not just shopping for food it's an entire experience!
Their food is really fresh and i love their seafood department!
Both dishes were delicious!
Best korean food in charlotte by far.
Service, food, atmosphere all a++.
Good food, good service.
We ordered just a few starters but what we tried was really good food.
My taste buds were overloaded with favors, its a nice change from eating plain old american food.
It's close to my house and provides a good offering of various slavic and german foods.
I have to give euro delicacies at least 4 stars because they carry my favorite mineral water -- naleczowianka.
Also, unlike other european grocers in las vegas, euro delicacies' packaged food tastes fresh, like they frequently replenish the stock.
Recommend the little buttery nipple shots...sooooo delicious... ;)
The food was delicious and our 11 year old son said his pancakes were the best he'd tasted.
I thought it was delicious and appreciated that it wasn't terribly sweet.
Excellent middle eastern food.
It is plain and simple but truly delicious
A great place to go explore for a variety of prepared foods, produce and meats.
Great selection on uber fresh food, cheese and some great food to go as well.
It was soo delicious.
They also do take out if you are looking for a night in with great food.
Amazing food, hookah and drinks.
Food is always so tasty!
When i want authentic mediterranean food i always come to haji babas restaurant.
To start off, the vegetables were beautiful and fresh.
Their food miles is a clear sign (literally) of its dedication to push local products.
If you're looking for good, fresh local food, this is the place, not those national chain stores.
I'd take metcalfe's over whole foods and trader joe's any day, hands down.
The staff at the deli and pharmacy are also great.
I e always wanted to try bi bim bop and boy was i happy with the food.
I hope to come back and get more food!
Boy, was it rich and delicious :) can't wait to head back and try some more of their selection
The juices are bomb with a slice of fruit of whatever juice you ordered hanging on the side.
I love all the food also the puto ni bibs
It was such a pleasant experience with free parking, convenient location, and awesome food and service!
Delicious food and entertainment!
The hubster and i came here for some mexican food.
The food was very delicious and just the right amount.
It's casual, for sure, but the food is really good.
This location has a few more food stations including an asian bar.
Good variety of food products.
I felt the vegetable section is small and there is not much of a choice.
All the other food products in one place.
Dollarama near by and food courts near by.
There is a box outside for food donation as well.
What amazing food !
The food is great.
Ok, you hyenas - here's the dl on their food:  their mock-meat!
Delicious food, crazy cheap.
We love great food at great prices.
Super fun & delicious menu of bruschettas - with gluten-free bread option at a minor extra charge.
But everything they carry is truly delicious.
Their food is great, but their store also has great prices-- i love to buy my spices here as well!
The staff was friendly, the service fast, and the food good.
For food i got the pemeal bacon sandwich from the carousel bakery.
Not only is it delicious but very inexpensive.
This place has great food but is very pricey.
I just purchased a tres leches cake from here and it was delicious.
4) natural foods - this smith's has a decent selection of natural/organic foods.
Its no sunflower, but when i need some organic fruits or organic snacks (e.g.
The food is excellent and there customer service is top notch and genuine.
It is not cheap, but it's delicious fried in a taco with chorizo and avocado.
Although i haven't tasted their food, the restaurant section looks folkloric: cashier at the entrance, piñatas, spanish spoken.
Besides spices, they have nuts, candy, cereal, various flours, dried fruits, legumes.
They also carry a lot of packaged and canned foods of mostly organic brands.
One of the best food i have had in a long time.
I'm visiting from california and this was by far one of the best food i have had in vegas.
Excellent excellent food :) yummmmm to mosaka.
I don't know if i have the spelling right but this food was also excellent
The menu is reasonably priced, and the food is incredible.
My friend had the blueberry peanut butter pancakes, also delicious.
This place is the best mediterranean food in town.
Both were delicious deli sandwiches.
Food stall diversity is wonderful (ice wine, seafood, meats, crepes).
Excellent food, great service, a very nice and come little place.
Edit: i tried the sun dried tomato basil ravioli, and they were absolutely delicious.
Looking forward to trying more delicious flavors of raviolis soon!
Walk to the back and the deli is heaven .
The steak and eggs was also delicious.
Wow, delicious, inexpensive mediterranean cafe attached to a great middle eastern grocery store!
The food is super inexpensive, and everything was not only delicious, but super authentic!!
I love going to st.lawrence market for the fresh and abundant seafood, st.urbain bagels, kozlick's mustard, and solid produce.
That's why i was eager to try their new online delivery service.
It's a flat $10 fee, so i decided to stock up and buy a week's worth of food.
I will be moving to the uk and i'm so happy to hear that there is a whole foods there.
The staff is nice, food is great and if there's ever an issue, whole foods makes it right.
My friend had the homemade tomato soup, delicious.
I like this grocery store only because it carries fine (french) foods that i can't locate even in whole foods.
In a sea of dining options paymon's is relaxing with 5-star service and exceptional mediterranean food.
An extra plus is the abundant portions of food at reasonable prices.
The food was just as enjoyable as the experience.
The food presentation was incredible and the service felt more than just a generic "nice to meet you" vibe.
Scanning the cooler i found the most beautiful fruit tart.
I feared i might let partygoers down with all that fruit...alas, i was wrong.
Like other yelpers say, most authentic mexican food in the gta.
I'm born and raised in mexico and this place makes amazing mexican food.
The food came out piping hot after only about 15 minutes.
The food was very delicious and the portions were decent.
But overall the food was fantastic and we left full.
A great place to buy baked goods, including a wonderful assortment of bagels and breads, for those with food allergies.
Everything i have purchased to use at home has been delicious!
Also their fruit snacks are really good and you can get a huge box which is great for lunches.
The food that i have tried here has been absolutely positively delicious!!
Food court has great food.
The pizza is affordable and delicious.
First, let me say that the food here is the best, when they actually make it right.
It's the best mexican food in ohio.
With the word of mouth about the food, it has become very popular.
Unfortunately, i don't have the time to wait for 25 minutes to order and get the food.
It's a shame that such delicious food has become such a pain in the tush to actually buy.
Even if you don't to buy food, just walk around and take in the ambiance of this market.
Man, this is a college foodie's dream.
It's a mountain of food.
This place is a mecca for foodies.
Markets with exotic fruits, spices, and cultural delicacies are all over.
As a visitor to toronto, if you appreciate food, the st. lawrence market is a must.
Best me food period.
From premium meats, to fish, cheeses, vegetables, desserts and most specialty items always keep this place in mind.
So with expectations set appropriately, i can say that this walmart delivers on what one expects and a dash more.
This is the best whole foods i have been to.
This whole foods is worth the drive.
The food and ambiance was extremely authentic, after having visited south korea just a few months before my visit here.
Food is fresh and hot and the salsa bar alone might be worth it.
The last time i ate apple banana and starfruit was back home in hawai'i.
You must try them if you love fruit.
So warm and delicious i am craving one just talking about it!
Order a side of delicious sausage and biscuits.
My gf always orders more than one of their delicious pot of breads.
The deli is incredible, don't forget about pizza monday's!
The meats and seafood are always bar none.
The food was excellent!
Everyone loves bed their food.
Great food and wine ... really fun place and great atmosphere.... wednesday nights fun trivia night
Their fresh sea food and meat section is worth to go.
Great food and reasonable prices.
), delicious coffee press, unique dishware, and their hash browns are my favorite.
I love going there for the freshest fruits/vegetables and the good selection of salads plus ready made hot food.
Finally found a convenient, affordable, and delicious middle eastern food!
Well, what can i say first about whole foods in wexford?
Now i have my own whole foods just one neighborhood away.
My new "super bad" food addiction is their fried chicken breast and waffle.
I've always liked whole foods, it's nice and clean and fresh smelling.
But overall, whole foods is nice.
Chunks of cheese paired with jams, mustards, fruits, nuts, honey, olive oil, and a basket of sliced bread.
I've never tried lunch or the takeaway food, but it looks delish.
It's a little like a cross between whole foods and walmart, but they also sell regular everyday groceries.
Not that weird crap you can only find at whole foods.
Simply put:  this is the best mexican food in cleveland!
I looked at the menu full of foreign foods and was overtaken by fear.
Their feta cheese, onions, and meat combined for one of the best foods i have ever tasted to this day.
I also discovered that they have some kickass foods in there.
The prices are a little high for breakfast but the quality of the food is worth it.
Food and service was awesome.
Everything went so smoothly and all the guests raved about the food and service!
Overall, food was great, service was great, a definite new favorite place for breakfast!
The food was great.
The food is delicious and a little different than regular breakfast places.
There is not one whole foods i didn't like.
Produce and most foods are cheap and on a great sale every week.
Service is great, staff are nice and there's even a place to get food and eat while shopping!
This is where nature's garden delivered (ngd) lends a hand in keeping me happy and healthy.
Ndg is a delivery service that specializes in organic, natural, and locally produced... ummm... produce.
You wake up, open your front door, and it's like the food fairy has paid you a visit.
As the produce delivered by ngd is seasonally fresh, the contents of the boxes vary from week to week.
For me, having the good stuff delivered and in the 'fridge is a no brainer.
Usually this is served super garlicky elsewhere i was delighted to find this version to be well balanced and flavorful.
Indoor farmers market type deal and the food, spices, products, and people are fantastic.
Amazing food and the staff is so friendly and you can really tell how well they all work together.
This is a good market for russian foods.
The folks working there really seem to care about the fruits and veggies of whole foods.
I went to whole foods during lunch time on friday for a salad.
The burger was very delish, and everything was perfect and the way i like.
Always a great selection of seasonal fruit & veggies.
Good mexican food, a in house bakery, a small store and butcher shop.
And i had chicken shawarma which was delicious.
No frills, super casual, just damn good food.
The selection of organic fruits and vegetables is amazing along with a great selection of beers and wine.
You have one of the cheapest, best tasting mediterranean food joints in az right on your back doorstep!
This place is the best place in all of the phoenix area for middle eastern food .
Pusateri's - the lesser evil compared to whole foods in the yorkville area.
So this is a hidden korean food joint inside of a mom n pop groceries store...
Seafood pancake, seafood spicy tofu soup, and majority of the dishes are delicious...i'm drooling a little while writing this review...
Fast service, delicious healthy food, and friendly staff!
So many specialty shops from cheese to meats to seafood, bakeries, imported items, crafts, home goods.
I visit this market every other week with my friend and we would stock up on our veggie and fruits.
The food was extremely tasty.
Great deli, very close to "german" style specialties.
My favourite is actually browsing around all the culinary delights and salivating over which i will try next.
It's a great place if you're looking for food that isn't easy to acquire here.
Also, like all polish food stores they carry a lot of pickled goods.
Public goes out of their way to make sure you have a good experience and wonderful food as well.
He can usually be found at the seafood counter and he's amazing.
He knows everything you could know about seafood and is always so generous with advice if you need it.
The people who work at the deli section are also wonderful.
Great food, great service and usually very fast.
I love the food & the atmosphere is very soothing & mellow.
Go here when you have a lot of time to sit & relax & enjoy the food.
Hatoya has many japanese food items like furikake, miso, and of course snacks!
I'm a whole foods fan in general, but this store is really great in particular.
Plus, the hot/cold food bar is to.
What they don't spend on decor goes into making delicious pastries and entrees.
They have a huge selection of organic food, supplements and natural remedies.
I love the precut meats in the deli section.
The fruit and vegetables are always in great shape and well stocked.
This location doesn't have a giant fruits and vegetables section nor a clothing store(!)
The only downside is the limited ethnic food variety compared to the other locations
There are basically two rows of food here, mostly staples, rice, teas, spices, beans, and the sauces.
Chips dipped in ranchero sauce, carne asada, cheese, avocado and eggs however you want them (drooling...) it was so delicious!!
The great happy hour deals and delicious wine and food were just the icing on the cake.
The food was great and service was the cherry on top.
This is a great place to get your traditional and authentic german foods.
By far the best value for the food that you get!
They even have people who give food samples on certain days.
Freshest, low priced, quality meat and seafood in the charlotte, lake norman area !
We're talking shitty quality food, overpriced items, and crowds galore.
All delicious & hot & fresh.
I can't quit you whole foods so i'll definitely be back
That said, being in the throes of a stomach flu while coming to this place is a foodie's worst nightmare.
I've ordered special cuts of meat and specal items, and they have slways delivered excellent quality.
They offer prime and some choice cuts of meats, and i have never gotten anything that wasn't delicious and excellent.
It's a bit pricey but the food is quality food and the market itself fits in yorkville no doubt.
It's a nice little place to grab some pretty good food.
The restaurant is clean and the aroma of food makes your mouth water when you walk in.
My food was so so, the waffle was yummy but the chicken was a big miss!
Almost to the point of tasting like hospital food :( their potatoes and omelette was good as well.
Food was fast and service was friendly!
Food was good and plentiful and the staff were great.
Decent selection of eastern european and middle eastern chocolates and food items as well as a deli.
Finally got to try some food here last week!
Decent prices, servings, food and service.
For dinner, we decided on some incredibly fresh seafood, a huge steak, and a sourdough baguette.
What hasn't been said that i have not said in my other whole foods review?
Http://www.yelp.com/biz/whole-foods-las-vegas  not too much, but this is a busier, a bit bigger whole foods.
This compared to tenaya branch has a bigger deli area.
I love jason brand specially for their toothpaste and whole foods is just about the only place to get them.
They have a seating area where you can eat your food.
Super simple, and super delicious.
Without exception, our baskets have been filled with really fresh, really good food, and a lot of it.
You cannot beat the price for the amount of food and level of quality -- really.
And once we unpacked all our goodies at home... well, it felt like fresh food christmas.
Currently slowly going through their ready-to-eat meals, as they have great cuts of meat, seafood, and salads too.
My favorite parts of this market are the unbeatable friendly service and the absolutely delicious sandwiches.
I mean, pet stuff, food, glass, paintings, lamps, children's furniture, bathroom decor, etc.
I love european food products and high quality at the lowest prices.
They have great prices on certain things and have an awesome assortment of healthier foods!
Everyday they have different samples of meat, fruit, veggies, and more.
The store has a wonderful deli counter.
Although there are long lines at the hot prepared food counter i have not found anything worth waiting for.
There is an excellent assortment of olive oils, canned foods and pastas.
They even carry some hungarian products which delights me.
Their diner side is the best mexican food in the valley.
He is also an indian cuisine expert who helped me discover a new favorite food!
Dog food, wine, gluten free selections, and on on!!
I cannot overstate how delicious, fresh, hot, and inexpensive this food was/is.
Here you can get some really good tasting healthy groceries and pre-made food (great for dinner in a pinch).
Mcewen is where the perfect everything - produce, seafood, meat, cheese - come to be purchased and consumed.
We've had their rack of lamb 2 or 3 times now, and it's delicious.
Got a ciabatta loaf from them, and it was crusty and delicious.
Cheap and excellent quality asian foods!
Like the veggie, fruit, cheese and beer selection.
They have the usual pizza stuff, a sandwich area, asian food items (hot and sushi items), and the wokeria.
I've always been a fan of their local goods, and the newest addition to the whole foods family doesn't disappoint.
Whole foods is still a novelty for me.
I also like that they have healthy and practical food that my family actually uses at a very reasonable price.
We left with a laundry basket full of fruits, veggies, and bread (see attached picture).
All for the cost of $25 ($15 for the fruit and veggies and $10 for bread).
Soooooo much freedom to take your time to browse), and it has more varieties of foods/drinks/food-related products than costco.
Their selection is much better too and i love their ready-to-eat food and pastries.
Fresh n easy helped start my transition to incorporating more organic foods in my life!
For $6.00 you get enough food for a small family of four in this sandwich.
I hear they have other food, and that it's good too - ha!
Beside and behind this deli counter are cases of pastries and pies, charcuterie products, and cheese!
Think costco crowded when they have all of those stupid food samples out.
(drives me crazy) anyway, the deli has really good macaroni salad and the rotisserie chickens are like 3 bucks(!)
They have a massive selection of bulk foods, as well as a decent selection of organic produce.
(sorry summer's fruit barn).
If you love fruits and veggies give it a try, you never know what you'll come home with.
Their fruit and vegetables are always fresh and reasonable in price.
I don't get lots of fruit there, better prices at grocery store can usually be found.
Dylan l from the deli is always so helpful.
Price is also acceptable and vegetables product are usually fresh.
I haven't tried any of the restaurants in the food court area but i did go to the bakery.
We will definitely try the food court on our next visit.
Think restaurant supply meets smart & final meets costco meets sam's club and you have us foods chef'store.
Own a food truck or a special events food vendor?
Out of something in the kitchen and can't wait until next delivery?
Restauranteurs, food service owners, even foodies and bulk buyers will enjoy what is offered at chef'store.
My order was way too much food for one, but i wanted to try a couple of things.
My total for food was $11.00.
Not super cheap, but like i said more food than i would normally order at once.
Total food and drink, $13.91.
They have just about everything you'd need food wise, though are limited on the non-grocery items.
After you order your food, walk to the jugeria (spanish for jugeria) and order a large horchata mixed with strawberry.
I love the fact fresh and easy is convenient and they provide fresh, good food.
Dammit this thing is absolutely delish!!!!
Then again, i'm from chicago, and spoiled as far as delis are concerned.
Love their food tasting.
Deli, sushi, starbucks, juice bar.
We have never been disappointed by the food or the customer service.
You could spend hours looking at all the specialty foods.
There's also a bunch of different asian drinks and frozen foods, as well as some pastries in the back.
And someone offered me an empty box (used for lemons) to carry my fruit and veggies home.
Of fruit and vegetables!
I know i'm going to get my daily fruits and veggies for the rest of the month!
This is definitely a foodie paradise.
And the prepared sushi from edo is delish!
What a joint, a fun time, great cafe, seriously good food, staff so friendly,helpful.
Food is excellent, all fresh.
The prices are not high, they deliver for free, the drivers are friendly and wonderful.
No tipping or delivery fee!
(huge plus) the vegetables are fresher than harris teeter, i love them and have become hooked.
The food is decent and cheap.
I like the size of this store, it has just enough space to house great food finds.
The food from trader joe's is just fun!
I'll just pile on and say that the seafood counter is ridic.
Perhaps, being brought up in hi and eating mostly fresh foods was close to the taste.
It's nice not having to drive all the way to whole foods to get some imitation cream cheese or tempeh.
In a pinch or an emergency, they deliver.
Would love it even more if they had gluten free pizza at their deli, i would buy that for sure!
I just don't buy any hot foods anymore.
I got some pollo abodaba from the meat department which was delicious!
I find the prices to be quite good, too, for the quality of the food and other merchandise they offer.
Overall this is the best health food/grocery store in the area!
They've also always got a special of the day... but all these little taco delights are special.
Special and effing delicious.
My tastebuds were singing in delight- or maybe that was just me.
They have great imitations of major brand food and drinks that are better than the real thing.
The parmasean curry sauce was delicious.
You guys know how to serve food and it shows.
This is my go to supermarket for fresh asian produce and live seafood.
I love this place .... veggies and all my junk food(trail mix ,fruit ,chocolate),plus wine hello it's awesome
It's large, has a good amount of organic foods, and is really white space for all the carts etc.
The meats and cheeses looked delicious.
I've however, never had an aversion to pungent seafood aromas, so it's all good with me.
Since i am half chinese, my daughter has grown to love the asian snacks and foods from here.
This place is light on the wallet and satisfy's my chinese food cravings, i'm good with that!
Great food, great potion size.
Fresh produce, fresh seafood, fresh meat.
Everyone says that it is kind of like a cross between trader joe's and whole foods.
Much better than trader joe's and much cheaper than whole paycheck, er, i mean whole foods.
I think they may have done some major remodeling inside because it looks amazing in here.
You won't find quality food for a great price anywhere else.
To rent out the room all you have to do is spend $150 on food and drink from there.
No outside beverage or food is allowed.
No problem because everything is so darn delicious from there!
They also sell a lot of the food frozen (sausages/pudding, etc).
~an extensive fancy cheese and deli meat section  ~an extensive bakery w/handmade breads, cakes, donuts, breads etc.
~ a huge seafood counter w/ all sorts of fancy friends from the sea.
~a fresh oven baked pizza station  ~ a fresh regular deli and dinner entree station  ~ a fresh crepeire (sp?)
All their fruits and vegetables are fresh and keep well for the week.
I have had 3 deliveries and all with different produce.
Good food market proved a pleasant surprise one morning, and we will be back.
Good food opened where aj's used to be, near the corner of alma school and chandler heights.
Good food looks to beat out whole foods on price, sometimes by twenty percent (depending on the item).
One caution - good food carries some household names that aren't knows for natural or organic products, too.
If you're looking for a natural/organic market, good food is worth checking out.
Two delicious tacos for $5.
I mostly shop for organic food and wincos makes it affordable to buy organic.
I also like the selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.
It is so delicious and one of my current favorites.
Watch out for high prices on fresh seafood, non-organic (regular) vegetables, some prepared foods and non-specialty items.
It took me a long time to come around to liking whole foods.
Fruits and veggies look to be very fresh.
A specialty food store with over priced apples!
They also serve food but the time varies.
I know of people whom travel here from the eastside of madison just for the deli!
If only they had longer hours, delivery of large items, and a gift registry, it'd be heaven.
They have a big salad bad and a big hot foods bar.
By the time you pay for your stuff, go upstairs, find a seat, silverware and some napkins...the food's ice cold.
The same problem with the hot bar with the temperature applies to the food stations, too.
Their food selection isn't as large, however...and i prefer eating at the settler's ridge store.
My only complaint is the temperature of the food.
I love their quality foods and goods at low prices.
I don't buy any bakery items, meat counter items or deli items,  so i can not comment on those things.
All the other cashiers are careful with the food that we just painstakingly picked out.
The food was delightful as always but the service was amazing all thanks to kevin!
The homemade soups are delicious and the cakes are to die for.
Big selection of seafood too.
I also tried the italian combo and the deli meats were delicious.
That said, everything i've ever had is delicious.
The seafood section was pretty decent; there was a good selection of fishes, shrimp, scallops, and crab legs- score!!
The deli section had a bunch of good brands, and my personal favorite boars head.
If you're looking for a good deli sandwich not from a food chain this is a nice spot.
Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back ..
Do yourself a favor and purchase some delicious tubular meats from these guys.
Food and service is great.
It's not just oriental foods, but majority of foods are.
I like the fresh food counters and the tweens who work at loblaws.
They're are super cheerful and polite, unlike those food basics tweens--i'm not too keen on those lack-luster tweens.
Fresh meat, fresh tortillas, and a large selection of fabulous salsas makes for an incredibly delicious lunch.
It is creamy and delicious.
The food was absolutely delish.
Service is turtle slow with food but one has to understand it's all baked not fried so does take time.
My sister in law recommended we visit this shop after we had some delicious tea at their home.
My favorite section of the store has to be the bulk food section.
They have an awesome array of spices in the bulk foods section.
The deli chicken is the best price in town.
The decor and layout looks tired compared to whole foods but i'm there for the food!
Great selection of fresh seafood and seafood dishes.
Sunny asian food & spices has relocated to 33625 aurora road in solon, oh 44139.
Many fresh vegetables including fresh turmeric root at 3.99 per pound!
Lee lee international supermarket has all of the usual asian/international food items that you could ever want or need!
You can get everything from chinese and other asian food esp.
This includes snack items and prepared foods and fresh veggies and fruit from all over the world.
They even have a deli and eatery on one side with tasty food.
The non food section has some curious asian artifacts etc.
I love their entire product line and constant release of new snacks and delicious foods.
Literally every aisle and food category is covered by trader joes.
My favorite place to shop is definitely their frozen foods section.
So many delicious food and snacks with chocolate temptations strategically placed in eye view.
Now you are carrying apple beer soda, non alcoholic and soooooooo delicious!!
Tonight - dips in prepared foods area, crackers, cheese, wine and beer.
Heinen's consistently has good quality food, especially the fresh produce, deli, prepared foods and meat and cheese.
They have sushi, crepes, pizza, indian food, burgers, chicken, all ready to eat on the premises.
It makes getting groceries and dinner (who wants to cook after food shopping???)
I tried the chicken caprese sandwich and it was delicious.
This is a fantastic store that sells a lot of deli meats and butchered meats.
Both the deli and meat department staff are friendly,  helpful and extremely accommodating with special requests.
The deli staff even know the proper way to cut and pack prosciutto!
The rest of the store is a mix of deep discounted/ almost expired product, surplus food and regular grocery.
So much food we *always* share it with friends.
Looking forward to the mexican food package that's this week's bonus basket.
I think even if you are mexican, this place delights all the senses!
Browsed the market after breakfast, decent selection of local/organic beers, cheeses, pastas, fresh veggies/ fruits.
We picked up some steak, bell peppers & onion and made some delicious fajitas at home.
Yes, this is south of the i-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at macayo's cantina.
Want great mexican food?
This isn't the mall food court.
The food is also cheap.
Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods.
I shop at the safeway regularly and their deli always has the yummiest chicken.
My favorite whole food store out of the one in scottsdale and tempe.
I had tried eating here few times.i dont think the food taste and quality warranted the price.
Food is fresh, delicious, and authentic.
And what's even better is they deliver--which is speedy and also free.
They have a bakery and a place to sit and order food.
Vegetables i was disappointed with their bitter melons.
Dry goods, meat, frozen foods, dairy, and bread (which happens to have no high fructose corn syrup in it!)
The up-side:  really great food.
The sum-it-up: great place for a date, with great food and a nice atmosphere.
- affordable dog food and treats-- and bulk pet food/treats, too!
Great quality food, great prices, healthy options.
Anyway, it did take a very looong time to get food or drinks, but the server was working hard.
Best whole foods in phoenix.
Let's be honest people, while foods had delights that no other stores carry...period.
Keep killing the game whole foods...just drop your prices..
Looking for fine european food products?
On to the hot foods.
I've never eaten them, but they look delicious.
Sometimes there are deals where certain hot foods are on sale and that can make it more budget-friendly.
If i had to choose between whole foods and organic garage...this place gets my vote!
Good steals on bulk food and produce.
I like trying some new items like this grapefruit ginger juice.
They also don't put prices on anything except their prepared foods, so it's always a bit of a "surprise!"
There are options for those who have dietary restrictions, there are different ethnic foods (chinese, indian, korean, japanese), etc...
They have prepared food (refrigerated and frozen), a food court, frozen foods, gluten free, precooked sausages, uncooked sausages, etc...
There's a salad bar section, hot foods bar selection, and bakery.
Their food court costs $7.99/lb of food that you put in your container.
The man at the seafood counter will joke and joke while he cleans your fish perfectly.
All the spices, teas, oils, vinegars, etc are so fresh and delicious.
Food court, drink court, spices, dried chiles, fresh chiles, masa, tortillas, candies, salsas, beer, and much more.
The food in the food court can be hit or miss as can the drinks.
They have a great selection of organic products and lots of fresh caught frozen seafood.
Your first aisle will be snack foods: chips, salsa, nuts, cereal, peanut butter.
The day's ready to eat foods are always good and date/time marked.
Very nice environment to be in and the food and prices are fabulous.
Love, love, love living in las vegas and trader joe's is another reason why,....great prices, people, and food!
Wine & food tastings on the wknds....life is good!
Food, coffee, produce: no need to weigh & guess the price.
The hummus veggie sandwich on gluten free bread was delicious, but easily something you could make yourself.
Trader joes does a great job of manufacturing & marketing their own brand of healthy (and yummy) foods.
I love the in-store deli, those sandwiches are terrific.
Large selection of organic foods , reasonably priced.
This store has gone through quite a transformation in its remodeling and is much improved.
Great soul food in the heart of homewood!
I went on a friday which was "fish fry" friday so the daily special happened to be seafood based.
All of the food is made to order so allow about 20 minutes depending how busy they are.
Everything was delicious, but that bourbon shrimp and mac & cheese, omg!
I love the juice and smoothie bar at this health food store!
Always fresh subs, meats, vegetables, like all subway subs i have visited.
It's clean and the quality of the foods and meats i've tried are good.
Prices very reasonable....and free delivery to my door!
They don't have a ton of breading on them like most wing places, and they were super moist and delicious.
We'll definitely be back for the great food and great service!
We've eaten at the restaurant too and the pho is authenticly delicious!
Lots of unique & delicious items.
I swear i have reviewed winco foods already.
Told us to pay at the cooked food counter 10 feet away.
Shortly after, long lineup at seafood counter and for tables at bistro area.
Authentic german food,candy,spices etc...
For one off and specialty items i go to trader joe's, whole foods and the evil wal-mart.
Food lion is good for frozen foods (pizza), junkie cereals (shredded wheat, sugar anything) and coca-cola on sale.
Soymilk, chicken, kashi, egg whites) i go to lowes foods.
Service - the customer service at the lowes foods in cornelius is good, just not ht good.
Price - lowes foods has decent pricing and of course it is better w/your rewards (green points) card.
They are cheaper than ht but not as cheap as food lion.
Overall - lowes foods is my convergence point where selection, service and price all meet to my satisfaction.
They do have a fair amount of natural and organic items and their vegetables and fruits are very good.
They have a nice little deli, with varying priced meats and cheeses.
(dead guy, and delirium).
Pangaea is a great food beer.
I haven't had a chance to explore their actually seafood selection nor the produce though.
Prepared foods are good.
Glad to see people in parma eating vegetables and fruit.
Great selection of meat, fish, canned foods, frozen items, and alcohol.
Not to be missed for the slavic food enthusiast.
Prices are extremely reasonable, but what i have to praise is the deli department.
Their hot and cold food selection is excellent and i've been very impressed with the taste.
Fresh delicious bread, meats, cheeses, vegetables, fruit and salads.
The only gripe that i have with this place is their seafood.
They also have prepared food for you to order and eat on the go - pastas, salads, soup, etc.
As far as customer service goes i've never had a bad experience from the deli to the meat department.
Food is all homemade it seems.
), in-season fruits and veggies, and a couple mainstays like soups and seasonings...oh and booze.
Affordable produce, lots of organic eats and an array of deliciousness sprinkled throughout.
There is a $5 montepulciano that is pretty delicious.
But 20 minutes later we didn't have food.
At nearly 30 minutes we received our food.
Customer service was decent, food was good but the wait was too long.
Deli i buy cold cuts & salads.
The food is grammy good and fast.
This is the waterfront location of the local food chain that takes most of my money.
Reyna's food saved my life!!!
Deli is way better than local supermarket delis.
Stephanie at the deli was great- very friendly and thorough with asking what exactly we needed and fast!
Delicious healthy fast food.
I've had a delicious pear salad, with candied walnuts and goat cheese.
Their seafood selection, both frozen and fresh, is decent as well.
They have some of the freshest produce and a great meats and seafood selection.
The food was decent - i had the eggs benedict with salmon.
Have heard a lot about this food store and wanted to check it out.
It's like a whole foods on steroids with all of the options and variety.
The variety of food to be freshly prepared is a great option for those who like options.
I fell i love with this place the minute i entered and saw the delicious sweets breads in the bakery.
And the tacos are crazy delish!
There have a lot of great stuff and yes - fresh seafood.
The food selection is great and the sausages and cheeses are to die for.
You can pretty much each food from any country for lunch and then go have a drink at the ball.
), meats (deli, sausage) and cheeses, with the cereal and granola bars to the left, opposite of the produce department.
I went here for the 1st time cause  i heard the seafood was fresh and cheap.
Their deli meat is also very fresh and delicious.
It is a big warehouse for food and kitchen utensils etc.
From meats (poultry, beef & seafood) they have pots, pans, frozen fruits & veggies.
Coffee, wine,fruit, and hot food.
All of the ready to eat food is also very fresh.
It's not an expensive store like whole foods or like any specialty market.
Fresh fish is delivered tuesday, thursday and saturday so plan your visits accordingly.
Always clean and neat, i love their produce and seafood.
Delicious meats ready to cook plus all the fixings for a mexican dinner at home.
The selection from produce, to meat/seafood, to prepared foods is excellent and not more expensive than other loblaws locations.
I still shop fry's for my groceries,  but this place kicks culo for crazy ass mexican food stuffs!
Great for a home cook looking to watch their pennies but put food on the table.
Great deli, market square and bakery.
Fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetables and fruits cut and packaged.
I stick to the items located directly around their "kitchen" area where the food is prepared.
It has a great selection of organic produce, at prices that beat whole foods... for sure!
I love the deli & bakery aisle & the employees are quite pleasant here.
This is a great whole foods.
We found everything we needed, tried some new brands, and got some prepared foods for dinner.
Vegan, raw, non gmo, junk food, fresh, frozen, you name it..they have it.
There is an olive bar, a deli and a cheese counter.
Love the exotic fruits & veggies.
It saves me a ton shopping here compared to whole foods.
If you buy a lot of dried fruits/nuts they always have an amazing selection.
If you hate whole foods but like the same type of products, this is a good alternative.
I love coming here, and love the pizzas and deli, especially the cheeses.
Their bakery is more affordable than whole foods.
I love it when they have fresh produce (fruit and veg) on sale when they are in season.
They always have fresh fruit and veggies,  your choice organic!
The cheese, meat, deli, pizza, sushi and prepared foods on the far right have very good looking food displayed.
We sampled a few things such as pizza (delicious sauce) and honey, from a local grower.
Oh and you have to try the dried jackfruit when they have it back in season.
The salad and hot food bar are always stocked, clean and the food is obviously fresh.
Beautiful view of the rotunda ceiling, fabulous prepared food section and beer/wine tastings right on premises.
Get your food on the first floor and wander up to the second for a drink or two.
Their hot foods and their salad bar is quite impressive.
Deli salads are great.
Seafood is great chilean bass.
Compare foods largely caters to a spanish speaking population and many of their employees are *bilingual.
I was exposed to fruits, spices and pastries i had never seen before.
There was literally a wall of spices and dried fruits that spanned the length of a full aisle.
Free food tastings could be found in the frozen food and bakery section!
I already ate one of the mangos and it was delish.
For $15 you really do get a ton of food.
My only wish is that that food was more local.
:)  other than that i have been very happy with the food and the volunteers.
Delicious cooked pork & chicken & sides.
Some things are cheaper here than park to shop or asia food company, while other things are exorbitantly more expensive.
They also have your more unconventional fruit flavored teas as well as the herbal blends (peppermint, german chamomile).
I've tried the salsas with food from the food court and it's always tasty.
And speaking of the  food court - i've eaten here quite a number of times.
The deli counter assistant was extremely nice and helpful.
They have a wonderful selection of deli meats, including boars head meat.
Great variety of pasta/deli salads, produce, and so much more.
Fresh high quality produce, a butcher, cheese, nut,bread/pastry,and prepared food counters with so much to choose from,it's downright dizzying.
Dietz and watson deli meats.
The food/la alimentacin: offerings in "la cocina" run the gamut from mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos.
A separate area offers various seafood dishes.
Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals.
Aside from the fast casual dining they offer, there's a deli counter, a bakery and a full grocery store.
Can't go wrong with boar's head at the deli (although, all fry's carry boar's head).
The only downside being, not a huge frozen veggie or fruit selection.
Hispanic "whole foods" is what i'd like to call this market.
All offers a large variety of spices, fresh vegetables, frozen foods, sauces etc.
What's special about garden asian market is their deli bar.
The deli bar also serves hot cooked dishes every weekend.
I always try one of the fruit flavors, and ask for them "less sweet."
Ignoring these guidelines will bring you grief.
This grocery/food mart has an excellent assortment of already marinated meats.
A fabulous hot food section, cheese and nuts section and the desserts....they are to die for!!
Everything is delish ~
I will try the prepared food next time.
The frozen food section is really, really good.
Your seafood manager  kim  was very friendly, kind and helpful.
On the main floor is the food store.
Fruit & vegetable department well planned and nice wide isles.
Their teas are delicious as well.
Everyone there is very helpful, the store always clean and organized, i love the fresh vegetables and fruit!
Love the variety of asian food and prices are great too
The chinese food restaurant in this place is excellent.
I love cub foods in denver and colorado, so, this was like going home again!
It was fresh and delicious, the price was also really good as well.
This food lion store is very different from many that i've been.
The food is very good.
The prices are a little high, but cheaper then whole foods.
Their cooked foods they had in their deli sections (chicken wings, ribs, bakery items) looked absolutely delicious.
The prepared foods are at the front of the store, with the packaged products just before the cash.
The employees are well trained in customer service and the food choices are beyond endless.
They are carrying more organic vegetables and products.
[a hawai'i favorite]  the atmosphere is pleasant and the food really is fresh and easy.
World class food hall.
My partner and i both had the classic benny which was delicious!
I really like foody mart.
They also have a prepared food section and a dining area where you can eat.
If you like t&t you should check out foody mart!
Aside from the seafood their produce selection is also on point.
Des fruits frais, des légumes frais, a plus bas prix que jamais ( ex : 5 limes pour 1$) 4.
The produce section and deli were great.
This place is beautiful and has delicious food, and a fantastic selection of beer and wine.
Who needs whole foods when you got farm boy.
The pricing is great the staff is friendly the lines move fast and the food is fresh.
They have a wide variety of inexpensive and tasty mexican food.
Their tamales were tasty and all of the meats they were cooking smelled delicious.
The fruit is always fresh as well as the produce.
The deli is small but has a nice variety of meats.
They have a huge selection of pre-made meals (omg carnitas bowl and burritos) and other equally delicious grocery items.
I can't say that i've tried too many of the sausages here, but what we have had has been delicious.
They also have a fun selection of german foodstuffs.
I really recommend this to anyone looking for some fresh fruits and veggies.
Pretty decent meat and seafood counter too.
Miles farmers market get's a solid 4 stars from this foodie....
That's where i usually get all my vegetables.
But it mind boggling how many people there was... lots of options for take out food.
Good location, artistic interior, excellent food collection.
Gallucci's is a wonderful family style italian cafeteria style food and grocery.
Quick and easy hot food options are readily available.
With options ranging from warm deli sandwiches to pizza to pasta dishes.
Where you can get a 20 oz bottle of soda, bag of chips, and deli sandwich for around $7.
Beyond the food, the workers are kind and helpful.
I'll let me be the first to tell you their food was amazing.
You can get organic foods here, as well as all natural cleaning and personal care products at very low prices.
They have a large selection of fresh herbs and vegetables, as well.
It just doesn't have the selection of a huge store like wal-mart or whole foods.
Super clean, surprisingly cheaper than food city on certain items... annnnnnnnnd a huge selection on mexican ingredients/foods.
Lol  i love the coffee, the organics, the speciality items, produce,frozen foods, everything.
The store was so much fun to explore -- and i never even made it to the non-food items.
This is a great and gorgeous new whole foods.
The buffet in the prepared foods area is huge.
Having the juice bar in the middle of prepared food and produce is kind of ingenious.
The cheese/deli is kind of small but packs a bunch with great product.
It tastes the way food should taste!
They have a bunch of deli stuff i really want to try... soon... soon...  ...and don't forget about yasha!
The bakery section with all those delicious baked goods makes me want to cry.
The food was extraordinary!
Yes, if you pick organic, non-gmo products (and there are lots here), yes, they will cost more than non-organic foods.
But like-for-like, while foods is competitive.
I've not tried their hot foods yet, but their pizza-by-the-slice looks great.
Fruit piles are neat and well stocked as are most of the shelves.
The prepped foods area is nice although not as extensive as whole foods.
Grade normally offered at food basics or no frills.
I guess this would be canada's whole foods equivalent... but without the asparagus water.
The food tends to be not so health-conscious, it is good old comfort food.
I love food with a passion.
I work for a food company.
They have a prepared foods bar that i never go to but other people seem to like it.
They have community events like hawaiian luaus and bbqs where patrons get food.
Any kind of food product that you would see a commercial for?
People come from all over the valley to enjoy themselves and family to a food adventure.
I love this whole foods.
The wide variety of healthy yet delicious meals available make this store stand out.
In the middle of store are different aisles for non-perishable food, and there's a decent variety available throughout.
They have foods which are gluten free, and some vegetarian and vegan options.
Good selection of food items for very low prices, lower than walmart in many cases.
Gourmet food all around and just very hip very ny very fun.
Remember it's not easy to have ethnic russia food in the fricken desert people!
For what it is: some of the best breakfast food i've had in a while.
The eggs benedict (salmon) was close to perfect, with a delicious homemade sauce and perfectly cooked fresh eggs.
(ps the store did look nice with a good selection of high end food, though it appeared pricey).
Things like various nuts, vegetables, spices, pickled items, chips, etc.
They have choice fish and chicken along with terrific fruit and produce.
The layout is almost identical to the frys in flagstaff, the prices are reasonable - food is expensive!
Fresh, very tasty food.
Back in texas we had a place called central market which offered higher quality foods.
The deli is huge and had 5 people cutting meats and cheeses when i was there.
Love the food kitchen!
Delivery is free and no tipping allowed (unless you want same day delivery then it's only $10).
The food is always fresh, packaged nicely, and arrives on time!
They have the best produce in my opinion, always fresh and a broad variety of fruits and vegetables.
The true sign of a great grocery store in one with fresh deli, bakery, meat and fish counters.
Try a delicious rotisserie chicken, or their yummy salad bar.
Of course you can... but with sub-par service, dented car doors, crowded stores and food that just isn't as fresh.
I think everyone gets sick of their food and i enjoy going there regularly to try new things.
Just for our friends in clt, the location on old pineville is currently closed for remodeling.
The fruit is kind lacking...but that's why compare foods is around the corner.
Unlike other bi-lo's, i didn't notice this location trying to hawk expired foods.
Better still, virtually all the food that they carry is from russia or the baltic area as well.
We stopped by to look at the store, and ended up spending $75 on some excellent foods.
If you came from back east, you used to see these items in big barrels in deli stores.
The stores are always clean, always full stocked, always full of helpful people, and always has the best food.
They may have some european import foods you don't usually see in a store.
I never had a problem with quality of food.
However, you can find what you need in one trip here food wise.
Easy, fast and delicious!
I'm a whole foods-loving, wegmans-shopping kind of consumer: i don't mind paying a little more for organic/healthy/local/artisan foods.
They are obviously very fresh and they are delicious.
They have lots of prepared foods.
Their sweets are delicious.
Whole foods is way across town and i decided to hot this place to see what they were about.
As whole foods go this is state of the art.
And the falafel from the deli just melted my mouth.
So fruity, crisp and clean...mmm...
The selects of food are great and we love the services they offer.
And my latest discovery is the trader joe's low sodium vegetable broth.
I also like that they have wine tastings and little food samples - always fun.
The food tasted delicious, i picked up some useful cooking tips, and the dishes weren't too tricky.
The deli is great,  meats are really good.
Fast forward four hours i wanted to pay for some fast food....
Sprouts offer nitrate free chicken, turkey and roast beef deli meats along with their rbst free cheeses.
There are tables and chairs at the deli section  if you want an inexpensive healthy lunch.
The "tradiciones" restaurant serves excellent--and cheap (shocker) authentic mexican food.
I love the variety of fresh veggies, vegan pizzas, and hot foods!
- the food was yummy & the service was great, we will definitely be back!
My one food item shout out: if you don't eat their trader joe's soy chorizo, you are missing out.
My one non-food item shout out: you should probably get a trader joe's blue cooler bag.
It's not a fast food place, (never was one in montreal).
The prices are competitive but the flavor and tastes of their pantry items are delicious.
Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!).
We stopped off at this walmart at least every other day to pick up some food and wine.
Their prices are not as expensive ad whole foods and the quality is better than a regular supermarket.
Lee lee's is a staple for homesick asians like me who get desperate for ethnic food fix.
Variety of foods and their cakes are amazingly good!
However, in the cashier's sometimes haste to check you out quickly, he/she will manhandle your food and other grocery items.
From the hot bar, to the produce, to the health food aisle, heinen's gets a gold star across the board.
We asked 3 different locals where to find some good clean organic food.
The atmosphere is very wholefoodie but much more dine  in.
The food was fantastic and the service was equally good.
I love the vic coupons/pizza mondays/deli sandwhiches..im treated like every customer should!!
They have a great selection of frozen and dry asian foods and their fruit looks amazing.
I love compare foods.
Great produce, butcher and seafood sections.
I love trader joe's for the variety of different wholesome fast cooking foods they have.
The only thing that has been killing me is trying new asian foods in the frozen food area.
Their selection of healthy foods is better than most stores for those on a budget.
Seriously the prettiest grocery store you can imagine, and they have great ready to eat food options downstairs.
A great selection of fruit and veggies, as well as dry spices, canned goods and flowers.
I found los altos ranch market outstanding, both in its selection of produce and goods and in their food court.
They were delicious, and i paid $6.99 plus tax for it!
I didn't get any frozen foods or produce, but they did seem to have a decent selection.
And some of it is stuff i had never seen even at heinen's or whole foods.
I pick up everything here when i want to prepare korean food.
Just cause i'm filipino, doesn't mean i can't prepare korean food.
But they have a really good deli on the side.
The stock is always out and you find shoes in the frozen food isle.
Nowhere else (not even walmart) will you find such a selection of foods and flavors.
I wanted peanut butter m&ms and a specific cat food and he immediately ordered it .
A specialty food store with over priced apples!
They also serve food but the time varies.
This is one of the larger looking whole foods...like a disneyland, but for food lovers alike!
I have food allergies galore, in fact my household is plagued with them.
They have many rare or hard to find fruits and veggies that are not carried in the grocery store.
They have delicious breads and rolls that are being made round the clock too.
They have it all, and also can make party trays with their meats, cheese, fruits and veggies.
I have had all of their party trays and they are beautiful and delicious.
If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store.
Whole foods is so awesome!
If you go to their bar, order the vegan burger, so delish.
I can't get enough of whole foods!
Take a small bite off the outer layer and start slurping out the delicious center.
We got just the right amount of delicious, attractive food.
If youre looking for a whole foods/sprouts/albertsons, go elsewhere.
Awesome selection of food, beer, and wine at great prices.
If you live in sun prairie and like authentic mexican food, give this place a try.
* sometimes like to grab the turkey cranberry wrap in the deli section for lunch.
It came out delicious.
The other dishes were delicious too.
I recommend that you purchase some of the green tea along with other wonderful international foods.
Dairy and frozen foods seemed to be less competitively priced.
2) they have the best selection of food in toronto.
~~fresh flowers: cute, by the door ~~prepared foods: pizza, sandwiches, real food, salad bar, soups...it's good.
~~organic section: it's not whole foods, but it's got the basics covered.
Love he food and love the service.
The beer is cold and the food is hot.
Fresh fruits, fresh vegetables and nice cashiers.
Fresh fruits and veggies that are usually the best price in town.
I like shopping for meats and deli food here.
Big, clean grocery store with huge sections for cheese, meat, fish, and prepared food.
When you visit costco the food court is a must.
It's larger, had better parking, and the prepared food selection and pub are great!
The prices are incredibly reasonable, portions filling but not enough for leftovers, and most importantly the food was good.
This store is what food city wishes it was!
The food here is no-frills authentic and seats inside are picnic bench style.
And that's just in the deli.
Eggs, milk, frozen vegetables, etc.
The food court is the place to start your shopping.
Their happy hour menu is so legit and delicious!
Complete opposite of whole foods on lv blvd.
But one that only sells food.
Don't come here looking for toilet paper, toothpaste or anything other than food because you're not going to find it.
Great food, great service and good value.
The food came out quickly and was delicious!!!
Their deli counter with their touchscreen number system.
I love their deli counter, my my my, proscuitto for $2.99 per 100g makes for a nom sandwich at home.
I love the baba foods road show.
This is one of the two locations i frequent, mainly because i am chasing after baba foods.
Good organic grocery store and good selection of vegetables, chess, bread and meats.
I am happy that we have a new whole foods in phoenix.
2 wonderful meals topped with a great wine list, great atmosphere and delicious pistachio creme brûlée.
It's like a much improved combo of whole foods and fresh and easy.
I am addicted to the frozen mac 'n cheese, it is sooooooo cheesy and delicious.
Got some healthy food today, some great deals, and some friendly sports conversation.
Their fruit is better instead of other local grocery stores!
What an awesome place with excellent food.
Whole foods has the best (        ) fill in the blank, but the prices also reflect this.
Good place to stop in for delicious bulk goods, fresh produce, and inexpensive wine.
The very nice owner makes your food to order, which takes a minute- be patient, it's worth it.
I can't complain about the food.
The food was excellent and they had a decent selection of beers that i had never heard of.
This store took over eight years to come to fruition due to the great recession.
No, you won't find cheese-its and donuts here but for wholesome good food, you cannot go wrong.
Cashiers are great and they bag your food with paper bags.
They're always so busy for lunch, but the line moves quickly and the food is always worth the wait.
This is all in addition to their deli, bakery, olive bar, and wine selection.
The staff at gallucci's is just as amazing as the food they sell.
You will find deli counters and the salad bar under the rotunda.
The food is delicious and the staff super friendly.
Winco's bulk food section is awesome!!
So much cheaper than whole foods plus i can buy as little or as much as i want.
Go home with fresh tortillas, warm off the stone, and stuff your face with cafeteria-style food.
This place is proof that there is a god, and he loves mexican food.
Good seafood and vegetable section as well.
Overall, the food was pretty good!
Live music every friday night, so many food choices, an upstairs seating area where you can go mellow, i'm hooked!
It's basically a superior, less overpriced version of whole foods that occasionally has a live band.
Great selection of eclectic food and drink at reasonable prices.
Pretty much like a really big whole foods!
They have very appetizing food options as well.
Dishes for lunch or dinner that taste delicious, and homemade.
Constantly adding new foods to try.
They offer free fruit to children to snack on while shopping.
The pickles seemed to be homemade and were delicious.
Huge selection of multi cultural foods all under 1 roof.
Great presentation of the food, laid back atmosphere, extremely friendly chef/owner (?)
The have coffee, tea and fruit flavors.
:)  also a definite must for asian themed foods.
If you don't like healthy food or saving money, you will not like tj's.
The daily food keeps me coming back as i want to see what they will dish out next.
Smart and finial has large bags fruit, such as apples and oranges.
The fruits are always fresh and offered at a great price.
Some of their younger deli employees need a little bit more training in customer service and how to slice cheese.
Trader joe's always has unique selection fruits investable's first class selection and variety of bread and meat for us carnivores.
Deli salads are great.
Seafood is great chilean bass.
They have a really good deli and lots of salads and fresh sandwiches to choose from.
The chicken thigh is juicy and tender and the stewed carrot, potato, and onion are delicious with the rice.
Definitely the best food resource in the region.
Can i give a shout out to mary in the deli?
There is an upstairs room with a homie feel where you can go to and eat your food.
Also, if you are looking for a quick snacks they have nuts and dried fruits and chocolates at the front.
The fruit is expensive but totally worth your money!
Their salad bar has lots of variety and everything i've tried has been delicious!
The fruit everywhere else is nothing compared to it!
The market is good for specialty foodie items,  but a little too pricey for staples.
Friendly staff, good food - no complaints!
The food is yummy, classic brunch food!
I usually pick up fresh veggies and fruit which are always a great deal.
Love their fresh baked breads and organic fruit and vegetable selection.
Every food package will be hand inspected one by one & 'tested' like they're checking for drugs or something.
The first is hard to find produce like jerusalem artichokes, fresh almond fruit and fava beans in their pods.
The second is the unusual frozen food selection like green chick peas, savory mezze pastries, and sliced coconut.
Their smoothie bowls are delicious!
It was delicious and very reasonably priced at $7.
I am a fan of their hot foods section and cheese selection as well.
Imagine a whole foods that isn't over-priced with fresher/tastier groceries and prepared foods.
The eggs were perfectly cooked, the sausage and hashbrown casserole were delicious.
It's a full 360 degrees of different food stations that sure to please even the most discerning.
Think of whole foods meets wall street architecture.
This location has certain healthy food products at far cheaper prices than the co-op or strawberry fields.
Loose leaf tea from tea emporium.... freshly made espresso drinks...   good cheese and deli selections!
And all these hot food choices: pizza, pasta, remind me of the food halls i been to!
It was so delicious, i keep craving it.
I also had some of their greek pasta from the deli and it was so good.
The giant eagle market district robinson cooking school offers great food and fun.
We started with a nice assortment of appetizers including cheeses, fruits, nuts and spreads.
The chefs were very friendly, interactive and gave us some good food preparation tips.
With all of this delicious food there was enough to take home for a second meal of leftovers!
Excellent food, friendly and expert instruction and lots of fun all for $35 per person.
Nice friendly deli counter people.
I'm still loling at that girl freaking her shit about seafood in boxes on the floor.
Picture walking in and smelling the sweet smells of freshly baked fruit pie.
Meat and seafood are now also located in their own refrigerated corner and feels more organized.
So we went to try out the food court at the ranch market.
Now the good stuff ... the food!!!
The other two had equally delicious meals.
The deli could use some extra hands as there always seems to be a long wait.
It's very whole foods-like in this beautiful and massive store.
The seafood and meat selection is lightyears beyond ht's, and i pick up their delicious boar's head sandwiches pretty regularly.
Produce also is consistently great, and they carry seasonal varieties of fruits and veggies that you won't find elsewhere.
The fruits always look super fresh and ripe.
(i will never pay $8.00 for a pineapple at whole foods again and i don't care how organic it is!)
It was sweet, but not too sweet, so the fruit was just the perfect addition and not too much.
I don't shop at whole foods, but if they're not beating their prices then that's a serious problem.
Small selection but good food... makes me feel heathy when i shop there haha.
The deli section was nice too.
Cam  covers pretty wide 'asian' food selections : chinese, japanese, korean, pinoy, thai, indonesian and little bit indian.
Everything we had was delicious.
Also has the best bulk food options.
We primarily get the prepared food there which are always spot on.
Probably one of the nicest, if not the nicest whole foods that i've been to.
You walk right into a juice bar where they will make it fresh for you and a great deli.
The grocery department is also on the lower level that carries local, organic foods and wellness products.
The upper level has local craft beer, cider and wine as well as charcuterie and other snack foods.
Nice selection of candy and vegetables.
It also stocks a variety of other international foods, though not as much as the asian merchandise.
During the remodeling i researched the f&e concept and its parent company, global retail giant uk based tesco.
At the deli, we had a ceviche tostada and a fish taco for $4.
The ceviche was delicious, although the fish in the taco wasn't cooked through.
Then we walked by the bigger, better food counter & couldn't resist the tacos there, which were fabulous.
The dinner was some time ago (est september 2007) but everything at that time was phenomenal - service, food, environment.
Right across from my favorite health food store is one of the finest produce markets around.
Fresh fruit and veg and deli are the stars.
Best country food in the area.
Whole foods was the only ones that carried fenugreeek and thankfully, we were in that area.
Whole foods is a little high priced but consistent and trustworthy.
Produce (of course), bakery, cheeses, meats  seafood, prepared foods, dairy, flowers, beer & wine, local products and fast checkouts.
Wide selection of good quality fruits & vegetables at a very reasonable price.
A great convenient cafe and deli, located in the concourse attached to hotel bonaventure.
Empty shelves, rotting fruit - gross.
Great prepared foods/ deli counter, and an amazing selection of speciality items throughout the store.
The best way i can describe this place is like a super walmart that's stocked with food instead of merchandise.
Their food, customer service, and prices are respectable.
So what if there's a few fruit flies flyin around in there.
& they take food stamps
High quality food and fresh baked bread is delicious.
It is definitely a great place to shop to find fresh and healthy food choices.
The locals come for the organic and whole food products.
The meat is good and priced very well and they have good seafood also!!
And if i'm hungry then i can stop @ their in-store restaurant & eat some good hong kong food!
Prices are great, and i find my favorite peruvian food condiments
Has all the korean necessities you would need for any food.occasion.
Sprouts probably has it and for a fraction of the whole foods price.
Food is fresh and the price is good.
Thank you whole foods for hiring good people to do good things.
I get salads, carbonated water, yogurt, soy milk, soup, pre-made foods, fruit/veg, sale and deal items.
Overall this store is great especially after their remodeling!
It's not expensive, absolutely delicious and saves us slot of prep time.
Bakery, meats, fruits, and veggis!
Fast, friendly service and they even have samples of various foods depending on the day!
All of the drinks we tried were delicious!
I like the ready-made foods that i can pick up, such as empanadas and grilled chicken.
It's a pretty good place to shop if you need gluten-free foods.
It's the tradeoff between quality, fresh food and processed food from other supermarkets.
If you are into food storage, you are gonna love this store.
Canned foods can be obtained in regular to large sizes.
In addition to food, they have all kinds of cooking supplies from cleaners to utensils to glassware to industrial ovens.
Sometimes the food can vary wildly in price, and sometimes this price goes higher than fry's just down the street.
I'm a health food store junkie and i can't not get enough of this place.
I love their frozen food section for sides.
I love the prices for the organic fruit and vegetables.
They have an amazing selection of dried fruits and nuts.
I am not a fan of the deli at all.
Frozen foods are amazing and surprisingly very affordable!
Decent sized and they have a lot of the products and food that i would buy and use in korea.
The deli offers tasty "truly authentic" dishes that you can either eat there or take home.
We bought the matnakash from sugar bees and it was delicious.
They offer hot foods that are delicious.
I washed it in the washing machine on the delicate cycle and let it air dry.
The tea delivers neither in flavour nor aroma.
Also, the seafood, while i didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.
There is parking, it's huge, there's hot food stations, desserts, even a nutella cafe.
Love this whole foods!
Good as it gets for wholesome, amazing food.
I typically go for anything from their smoothies, to the fresh fruit they have.
I highly recommend the salad/food bar they have for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Really like to load up on this food whenever i can, because it's so good.
Tons of amazing ingredients for asian food at unbelievably cheap prices.
Their food offerings through their "cafe" or whatever they call it is endless.
Their agua frescos are delicious.
Of all the food i've had there, it was good.
If you want lunch or dinner that is an alternative to classic restaurants or fast-food.
The food was terrific, the atmosphere clean and fresh and the service was wonderful.
It is so delicious.
You can eat there or take food home.
Also you will find non-arabic things like cereal, and great fruits.
This is where i shop for fruit and veggies since our farmer's market is less than stellar.
The seafood, meat, and poultry is well organized.
Make you my favorite food store in charlotte.
If only you had a salad bar like whole foods, then i'd be 5 staring it right and left.
This shop is a life saver when i want to have some authentic mexican food.
Probably some of the best service and food i have ever had.
Fantastic aesthetic presentation, a variety of well-prepared gourmet foods, and knowledgeable staff.
The rest of the organic food selection is good also.
They have wine tastings and do samples of food & coffee weekly.
(i wish they had kona coffee, made by royal mills -- it's so absolutely delish!!)
I headed in the direction of food lion and jose navigated me to the atlantic farmers market.
I wandered into krakow foods after a nice lunch at the little polish diner.
Next time, i'll have to try the veal smokies :) they have a huge deli selection.
They have good prime rib salad (it was a little rare for my liking though) and delicious zucchini pancakes!!
For half the price of chipotle's i got really fresh shrimp ceviche and fruit salad for two.
I shop here several x a month and must say their neat seafood fresh fishes are all excellent!
), and great food.
They have fresh food made to order food and amazon lockers.
The atmosphere is cosy and personal, the food is delicious, and the value is great for a brunch restaurant.
The food itself is very flavourful.
The one server was friendly and food came out in a timely manner.
Holy indian food, and the chicken enchiladas are amazing!
Awesome clearance items, great deli, veggies and customer service is awesome!
Somewhere between harris teeter (kroger) and whole foods.
Bakery, cheese dept and deli are also great.
Lee lee's offers tons of fresh fruits and vegetables from all over.
They also have a variety of meats and fresh seafood available.
The best deals in town for fruit can be found here.
It is always fairly clean, with pretty quick cashiers and a good stock of food.
The prepared food and salads are delicious.
Take your food up to the second floor and chill with drinks.
Marty's market is a great combination of great breakfast food and good coffee.
The coffee was good but the food was just even better.
However, i mean merely noting as the food was too good not to give the full 5 stars.
The meats and vegetables are pretty fresh but i would be cautious with their packaged sauces.
Then i experienced the problem of buying rotten vegetables.
Krieger's is a really wonderful little health food store that is one of the gems of cuyahoga falls.
They always have interesting exotic fruits, and a good selection of natural products.
Also, while the asian food products are extensive, i was unable to find berries, yogurt, and cream cheese.
Love love love this store for organic fruits and vegetables.
They have my favorite snacks, cookie butter , dried fruits and nuts.
The frozen food aisle for a quick meal is on point, orange chicken,   flat breads and mozzarella sticks are incredible.
There is too much food here to mention but i will definitely try.
Overall, seems like a one stop shop for high quality prepared food and groceries.
Boba and the straws, fresh chinese noodles, asian vegetables, and much much more!
Hot food bar has a great assortment of food.
Food is expensive but worth it as it's organic.
I go to whole foods, walmart, costco and food 4 less at times for their prices.
I used to deliver here and always enjoyed the owners.
You could swing a cat at the menu and hit something delicious!
Employees are nice and the food is priced good.
We stopped buying produce and meat at walmart and started buying food here instead.
Recently i visited a handful of international food stores in champaign, il.
They offer very fresh seafood.
If you are looking for a more authentic selection of fresh foods, this is likely your best bet.
Everything from pasta, to hot cocoa to cat food can be bought in bulk.
The front of the store on the lower level was a massive foodie frenzy of fresh goodies.
Every bite was super tasty and delicious.
This cozy little deli is chalked full of russian delicacies and a place you should check out.
Love this location as they carry a huge variety of cheese and different of interesting food and drinks.
They also have fresh squeezes citrus juice, mine was grapefruit/orange.
I like the selection of fish and meats, but it could use more vegetables, like tomatoes and kimchi.
I love whole foods market!!
I will tell you off the bat that i don't have another whole foods location to compare it to.
They have a giant salad bar, plus a giant hot food bad.
Their seafood section is huge as well.
The rest of the market is smaller in size compared to a normal grocery store but all quality food.
Do expect to pay a little more at whole foods.
Also this is a place to buy nuts and dried fruit for relatively reasonable prices.
Huge area of freshly cooked foods so will be coming back for dinner.
Great little store - although i don't know many of the european delicacies sold there i've liked everything i've tried.
Also great deli sandwiches - great bread and loaded with delicious boar's head meat.
Quite expensive although mexican food has always been expensive.
I would rather buy food here than go to a mexican restaurant.
I loved the rotunda area with the bakery and prepared foods.
The other aisles are small, but well stocked with a variety of foods for all occasions.
Fish and meat counters will cook your food for you on the grill.
We purchased a lot of food, all for less than $20 total!
On the list was longan fruit for $0.79/lb, and salmon fillet for $2.98/lb.
Nations fresh food is open from 9am to 9pm, 7 days a week.
Very hot coffee came fast with a huge menu full of very reasonably priced southern food.
This large meal was on the "lighter appetites" menu and was very delicious and filling.
Cheap spices, good produce and international foods are a few things.
I don't care if my fruit and vegetable are ugly.
All in all it was delicious and we will be back.
They removed the mozzarella in olive oil, so they change foods.
Get all my produce there and also frozen seafood.
Also nice bakery items and hot table for chinese food!
Quality, healthy food and reasonable prices!
So delicious and buttery.
Other than that food came out fast and was really good!
The deliciousness of that meal: out of this world!
The produce, though i've never bought any myself (others with me have), is very well priced and very delicious.
I go here to do most of my heavy food shopping.
Living with my two brothers, all of us over 25, we blow through food.
With my healthier diet now, another favorite section of the store is the fruit and vegetable section.
Not only is all of the food always high quality, low price, and well stocked, but the staff is amazing.
That is all (microwave them for a few seconds to make them even more delicious)
Their pre-prepped foods are great, so if you're strapped for time after work, grab a dinner there.
Newly opened no frills supermarket import from the uk with interesting ethnic food selection.
Maybe it's good not to have too much temptation in the fun-food-selection.
So important since i am.buying food n my coffee.
While in the deli section this past monday, i observed something unreal.
At the moment i walked up, the deli person happened to be doubling as the sandwich maker.
He stopped suddenly, took inventory of the scene at the deli/sandwich station, and rushed over to......get this.....make the guy's sandwich!
The fresh made foods are hot and affordable, like everything in the store.
Free delivery, no tips.
How i ever lived without my groceries delivered to my front door, i'll never know.
Just had our first delivery today.
The food is and the service is better.
The food is absolutely delightful, her soups are getting me addicted!!!
They have unique gourmet food items as well that are fun to try out at a reasonable price.
We always shop on saturday, and they sample food in the back corner of the store.
The tea is all very good quality and they carry some very delicious unique flavors.
Amazing food and awesome craft beer selection.
The food came out pretty quick also .
I am ecstatic that phoenix has an establishment that offers exotic fruits.
They carried mangosteen, guavas, breadfruit and rambutans to name a few.
They have exotic fruits, vegetables and meats that you can't find anywhere else.
This particular store has a bakery, butcher, bank, bar, starbucks, deli, winery, and restaurant inside of it.
This is a nice food lion store with a good selection of items.
They had 4 cashiers, which is a good number for a food lion.
They have international aisles, so if you're looking for ingredients for ethnic foods, pretty sure they got you.
The fruits/veggies are not the widest selection, but they have the basics and that makes me happy enough.
If you're low on budget, and need food- hit this place up.
It also stock food from all over the other continents.
Inside the market there are two food establishments.
I really wanted my tajin to season fresh fruits with and they actually carried it!
Nice selection of vegetables and mixed salads and plenty of alcoholic options.
I don't live in pittsburgh, but if i did i would buy food from here all the time.
They were fluffy and fat and so delicious.
They had plenty of other specialty foods, so if you need some mexican goods, this seems like the place.
It's a grocery store so regardless, i gotta come here for food.
-more freshly prepped food for the people that need a quick bite.
-more variety of frozen food.
So where does one go to buy food items christmas night?
All the great trader joe brands and quality food.
Variety of mexican pastries, tortillas, hot food.
(a most delicious veggie burrito i had was at a s.sanfrancisco place on a cold day).
Excellent food--the weiss wurst is awesome--but the staff is snotty.
For instance love those vegetable tamales and they have an amazing selection of produce yum.
I can find anything that whole foods carries and more.
The prices are considerably lower than whole foods.
There is a deli, salad bar, fresh seafood, world wide cheese collection, bakery, ect.
The seafood department in particular are always willing to bring out fresh product if you ask.
That chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good, but way americanized.
Lovingly and creatively nicknamed "vd", this place is a korean food gem stashed away in the uoft area.
The owners and ladies who prepare your food are very nice!
The food is delicious and it is what you pay for.
You can get decent food for various dietary needs.
Farm boy also reminds me of whole foods.
I love all the hot foods and salad bar.
We went there on friday nov 3rd at 14:15 to get something to eat in their food court.
The food comes out extremely fast and they have great lunch specials.
I love sitting up top of the grocery and watching the little italian deli experience happen below.
The hot food counter always has dirt cheap specials.
Besides harris teeter, they have the best selection for fruit.
I have never found the vegetables to be as bad as others report.
I recently heard about lams seafood market from my niece.
The restaurant area is fantastic making fresh foods available for take-out or eat right there in the store.
So inside this supermarket their is a little food area.
Where you can order food and sit down and relax... who wouldnt want to do that while shopping?!
Here at food city avocados $0.99 for 3 avocados!!!
They make delicious deli sandwiches at great prices.
Produce and meats are fresh and delicious.
They have too many food options!
I want another because it is so refreshing and delicious!
With those four food items, i spent approximately $22-$25.
Do i really need a rotunda in my grocery store and a million different deli options?
Probably one of the largest most food packed giant eagle i've ever strolled into.
For weird late night grapefruit and jell-o cravings, oh it's just me?
I've always been able to find what i need here as far as food is concerned.
I hardly ever buy non-food items at winco, since most of the time it is cheaper at walmart.
Fruit usually isn't cheaper, but the veggies are.
Great international grocery store featuring foods from thailand, china, japan, india, the middle east, and more.
They have a really extensive selection of indian goods (all sorts of daals, spices, and prepackaged foods).
The bad: the fruits and veggies aren't always the freshest or best quality.
The money stuff is great, but the food is what seals the deal.
Now for the food.
Not if the service wasn't great enough, the food just tops off the whole experience!
If you like wings and great craft beer choices, liquor, amazing food and service you will be happy!
They always have the best fruit and vegetables.
Food that taste just like moms cooking .
The seafood counter area is quite interesting.
Sooo yum and sooo delish!!
Its amazing have many varieties of veg and fruits.
I love their wide array of bulk foods.
Extensive selection of grocery and frozen foods for people with food allergies or those who prefer to buy organic items.
Produce is also all organic, and about the same prices you'd find at whole foods.
The store is less gimmicky than whole foods, and just more low key overall.
Pricing is great as you can find prices similar to a food city or walmart.
The buffalo chips are delish and the kids meals are huge.
My very picky three year old loves the chicken quesadilla meal with vegetables.
It's so hard to describe but it's a unique food shopping experience.
I hit the deli and am so glad i did.
All the regular deli meats are boar's head and reasonably priced.
In this aspect, gemd is trying to be a big- city whole foods but falling very, very short.
Best place to buy meat and chicken with an affordable price and brazilian and portuguese foods.
If you have never been, check it out, you will be amazed on the yummy food.
Great vegan shop with a wide selection of popular vegan brands and not limited to just food.
I love the frozen fruits and the eggs here.
I'm a big fan of eastern european markets & delis, so visiting yasha was a treat for me.
It is a divine delicacy.
A bit pricey, but for me, a lover of deli meats, this is worth it.
Harris teeter isn't here to compete directly with food lion and walmart.
Sure...they both sell food, but they sell entirely different experiences.
The sushi here is surprisingly good and the pizzas are way better than anything that's being delivered to your door.
Avoid:  the deli's mac'n'cheese.
Sure enough, hot and delicious vegetable soup was available.
Watch how the frozen food cases light up as we walk up, such fun!
For example, dandelion greens.
I enjoy visiting different stores as they always have a little something different :) the selection of fruits are great.
I love the fact that the fruits and vegetables are fresh.
More similar to whole foods than copps or woodman's.
Excellent bakery and deli.
Who doesn't love free food?
The variety of fresh groceries (deli counter, cheese counter, bakery etc.)
I like to call whole foods whole pay check.
Why do i accept the high prices of whole foods market?
Whole foods carries many goodies and types of products that can not be easily found in other places.
Tsk tsk tsk, whole foods, you should do better in that area.
Always fresh fruit and vegetables.
Since i'm not partial to cooking, my favorite sections are frozen foods and produce.
Worth the drive from the phoenix airport great salad bar and deli real vegan pizza obviously employe owned
The guests raved about the food and all had a great time.
Brecksville has the alcohol samples and better cheese selection but this one has better fresher fruit.
It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.
But really, stop here for lunch or to access some delicious, top tier grocery and chips.
I love this particular whole foods!
The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.
Do i order prepared food?
The sandwiches are delicious and to order just go up to the island and they give you a number.
The food is good although i think it used to be better.
A-mart has a great selection of different asian foods from korean, chinese, japanese to vietnamese.
I love whole foods, i employees are always nice and helpful to you.
Im disabled in wheelchair and travel to whole foods several x's a month and they know me.
Forget the notion that whole foods is expensive actually i get more for money than i do at geagle!
Wfoods is the place to shop for the money & freshness!
They have prepared foods and banchan, as well as a food court.
Holy guacamole this place has the best mexican food i've ever eaten.
There is a frozen foods section at the back of the store where you can get meats and even wine.
Really good meats and deli are what keeps me coming back because the prices are surprisingly cheaper than others.
Do you like fresh, in-season fruits and vegetables?
You'll get plenty of delicious produce for close to nothing!
I used to work in pv and there was a whole foods right up the block from me.
Speaking of, they have an amazing selection of seafood.
:)  great place to grab lunch in the prepared food section!
Incredible prices on seafood, fresh and cut to order.
I will def be coming back for some good guilty pleasure food.
Their were lots of delicious sounding options.
When our food came to the table i wanted all of it!!!
The combination of the peach jam and maple foam was delightful.
Deli section has an abundance or sides/salads/cold dinner selections.
It's like going into food heaven when you first walk in.
Fruit and veggies immediately greet you.
I was mesmerized by all the olives, deli meats, meat, and dessert areas.
The hot food area has kofta.
They have a great selection of organic foods at great prices.
There is nothing bad to say about bb food co-op!
"food is overripe/not ripe etc".
This review is for the food court.
I know the food is an afterthought there even though it's really good.
They also have a great bulk food section.
For crying out loud, the overhead lighting at frozen foods looks like something in the bellagio.
This used to be an aj's find foods and now good food has taken over.
They have a good sized produce department and a very nice seafood case as well.
New location same amazing food at the same price.
They save so much time and they're always healthy and delicious.
They have things that you can't buy elsewhere, especially yogurts and frozen foods, things of that nature.
I didn't even get to go through prepared foods section to see what they make.
Unfortunately if you're looking for good produce, meats and seafood, its really hit or miss.
There are many times when i come in here for fruit and veggies, and leave empty handed.
Also, since there is no butcher or seafood monger on premise, you must buy what they have packaged.
I prefer to buy my meats and fish at whole foods, and pretty much everything else here when its good.
Fresh food and coffee good way to start the day.
They have all kinds of unique food items to make your meals special.
We have gotten their veggie burgers a few times and they are surprisingly delicious.
Albertsons store finally did a big remodeling and just this week they had a grand re-opening.
After my visit to the med clinic, i find myself getting lost in aisles of deliciousness.
711meets whole foods (and there you have it).
It's a health food store.
I love the prepared foods area, the ribs and fried chicken were awesome.
I love how they carry lots of local foods such as produce, honey, sauces, etc.
I love their coffees and frozen prepared food the most.
Some of their fruits and veggies look so fresh, you'd swear it's wax props.
Your one stop shop to all things food.
Everything organic and the prices are very reasonable compared to whole foods.
My frozen food aisle.
Little seating area after the cash registers to enjoy your food.
Love the organization here, will pass on the meat/seafood section though.
It's a life experience for a foodie!
Wide selection of organic and specialty foods.
The hot food section is incredible.
Also well priced and their bottomless coffee is delish!
Great selection and quality seafood.
Interesting food choices and decent prices too.
I enjoy eating the chile rellenos they are delicious!!!!
First off the employees are great,nice, and friendly especially at the deli!
The food is all fresh and excellent!
The bakery department always has delicious treats!
I recommend this place to anyone if you want great tasting good quality food!
Friendly atmosphere, food is delicious.
Love the fact that food is baked and not fried.
The meat and seafood is not too impressive.
The prepared food is hit and miss.
Their health section is also very useful for my vitamin and health food selections.
Natural/organic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars 4.
Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish 5.
Sure enough, paoli local foods is a charming store in a one-pony town, chock full of delicious, local products!
There's a seafood case with smoked fish and frozen blue gill, halibut, salmon, etc.
All the same, it's cool that paoli local foods is providing a much-needed outlet to this rural area.
They also have a wide selection of seafood, but the prices are not as good at the other meats.
Super expensive + super selection = super amazing,  this place is like a toy store for foodies.
Food was consistent and hot.
French toast, biscuits and gravy, eggs and bacon, oatmeal and fresh fruit...i think we tried it all.
They have great healthy food, organic food, gluten free etc.
Many of the items i would typically buy at wal~mart or food4less were half the price.
I frequently visit nohadra market to grab certain food items you can't find elsewhere.
They also carry fresh dates when they're in season and other fruit you don't usually find in mainstream grocery stores.
Overall, a must-visit for its very special selection of food items.
There's lots of delicious items here like cookie butter or belgium butter waffle cookies.
The prepared foods section and cafe are a bonus, as well.
Winco is the winning company for food value.
Their vision was a supermarket chain retailing food in gigantic stores at low prices.
Then they could shop in winco for the food and consumables.
Food 4 less, a smaller competitor is dingy and unappealing to spend time in.
Winco is a winning company for food value.
My significant other had the penne alla vodka, which is creamy and with seafood (check out description on their website).
Love coming here, fresh food, salsas, drinks, and bakery.
Deli has always been a pleasure, even with our large orders.
It has everything food that you would need for a normal day or an event.
The co-op tries hard to source local food items.
Deli options looked good.
Not quite on par with whole foods but plenty good enough this far north and this early in the season.
This location has the best deli and sushi counter in the south.
The ladies at the deli counter are always nice and happy to help the customers without giving back attitude.
They have a great deli selection and often new items that are always tasty.
There is always a fancy selection of a roll that is more art than food.
Bin bin rice crackers-so deliciously sweet, salty, and crunchy.
So many different foods from so many different places.
The staff is friendly and the shopping experience is delightful...
Sprouts is full of healthy, high quality foods and their produce selection is top notch.
It's whole foods without emptying the whole wallet.
Just added a new raw foods selection.
After hearing about great reviews of their food, i decided to give their deli menu a shot.
Our deli sandwiches were 9 on a scale of 10.
The store had lots of extras one might need, plus warm foods, cold salads, beer, wine and jeni's.
Otherwise, this store is a lot cleaner than midway and it has great selection of vegetable.
At the counter i noticed two pastry boxes filled with something fried and delicious-looking.
I tried some of the basalmics and they were delicious.
The deli line can take a long time if you go during peak times.
Easily my most favorite whole foods location!
I do wish the deli counter carried boar's head.
As far as seafood goes, the fish is really, really fresh.
There are many unique food items to choose from such as organic gluten free power bars to virgin coconut oil.
Those food labels and packaging sure are working!
They have the most amazing frozen food selections that can be prepared in minutes!
The mandarin chicken and shiitake mushroom chicken are delicious when it's prepared right!
This is a place to just visit even if you don't cook these many foodstuffs.
It is like a tour of another worlds food.
If you don't wanna make a dish they also have a prepared foods section.
I always enjoy going to compare foods, the staff pays close attention to their product and very attentive to customers.
None of the food had pricing on them and everything was in spanish.
The seafood is so fresh with rows & rows of fish to choose from.
Their selections is some of the best in the area for specialty foods.
Fresh chicken wing pieces, fresh deli meats and salads, fresh butcher department.
But when good food is involved, i will find a way to figure it out.
The kitchen is a cafe and gourmet food market rolled into one.
It's broken up into "stations" that include a center deli, pizza, salads and cold sandwiches, hot dishes, and more.
As for the food, i had the grilled portobello on ciabatta.
For my second dessert, i had a key lime mousse that was delicious as well.
The staff is great , the food is awesome , and the environment is clean and comfortable.
What is pricy at tj's - namely, convenience food - is pricy everywhere.
Similar savings are to be found on sauces, condiments, frozen seafood, canned goods, flowers...nearly everything, really.
It is a great health food market/ cafe/ coffee bar that serves and sells fresh, high quality food.
The deli counter peeps seem to be really nice.
Did they look delicious?
There was more hot and cold food selections.
My other passion, health food drinks (kombucha, green smoothies, flavored acv, etc) were there in abundance.
A great addition to the growing community and for those looking for natural foods and supplements.
Try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter, they are really good.
The hot food was fresh and tasty.
Today we had vegetable rolls and spicy crab california roll.
I have used them twice now and the delivery driver is always so friendly.
This time around i used the same day service and the delivery was prompt and friendly as always!
The pork was somewhat oily, but tasted delicious.
Being originally from the bay area in california i miss some oriental foods i grew up with.
Awesome wings and food, good beer lots of tvs.
They have a great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, pre-packaged veggies, pre-made foods, salads, etc.
I love to get their pre-made salads and the vegetable sushi.
Their frozen foods aren't full of preservatives either and are pretty simple and on point.
They have so many different dried nuts, seeds, dried fruits, trail mixes, rice crackers, etc!
I can do grocery shopping and eat delicious food all in one stop.
I might have them cater my next major party because the food definitely stood out.
This is my new favorite place for fresh and cheap fruits and vegetables.
The prices are lower than my usual fry's food stop.
There's also no food court to satisfy your hot dog fix.
), and my fave part, the hot food bar.
They have great produce, delicious breads and pastries, a lot of healthy snack choices, etc.....all at a reasonable price.
My husband and i usually each try to pick out at least one new food to try.
Good food and service.
Love all their food, but really a treat for their daily specials!
And their drink menu is delicious.
With their generous happy hour and delicious selection i will defiantly be back.
If nothing else you really ought to be buying all your basic fruits and vegetables here.
So, at your local grocery stores, or even superstores, you've got your grocery isles, and deli, pastry, artisan, etc.
They have not a deli section per say, more of a deli circle.
Not only is their food incredible, but the decor in this new location is stunning!
I will admit to wishing that they were more speciality stations in the deli/bakery like bigger h-t's.
Nice big grocery store with lots of food and neatly organized.
This place is like crack for foodies :)  you just cannot get enough!
I loved all the prepared foods that were available and the wine and beer bar on the 2nd floor.
The household aisle was full of fun goodies for foodies.
The food bars are really good.
They have wine in the second floor and a lot of healthy food options
This place is the best seafood market i have ever been too!
Imagine finding everything you need for any kind of oriental dish to indian foods all under one roof.
The variety of fruits and vegetables are unheard of.
I've never seen so many different exotic fruits in my life.
This store has just about everything - furniture, wine, coffee, chocolate and other foods, window coverings, pots and pans etc.
In no particular order of my delights:  1.
The prepared food is good.
One of the most incredible italian deli's that i have ever seen and tasted!
By far the best whole foods in the valley.
It's between a zehres and a gourmet food store, basically.
Fresh produce and cafeteria is definitely nicer than the meats and packaged food sections.
Can't comment on their food beyond the pizza which is killer and priced very fairly.
Great and very fresh wide selection of seafood.
Best freaking deal, for real food, well just food in general.
I went one friday night to try the cod and it was delicious.
Went home and ate some food.
1/3 the cost of shopping at wholefoods 3.
They special order strange foods for me 4.
Excellent deli and meat section 6.
Always fresh food, and quick service.
I love trader joes, you can find healthy food that you can actually afford!
If you buy organic and local food products this is a great place to shop.
-good variety of items, fruits and vegetables and meats cheaper than loblaws just up the street.
Food is tasty, service is friendly and a few good brews.
The food and service were great.
They will even cut open a piece of fruit if you want to sample it.
Reyna foods is a quintessential mexican grocery.
Fantastic cheeses, cassata cake, deli, catering.
I'd rather be here than going to some fast food place.
I enjoy the fact that they have food that's all prep'd and ready to eat.
Food is food; the price isn't that much more expensive than at walmart.
Healthier food may seem more expensive, albeit you do get what you pay for.
Fantastic chicken tenders from the deli counter?
They have variety oriental food and very clean.
Great food, but a little hard to find.
We got so many wonderfully delicious fruits and veggies!
I especially enjoyed that there were foods i had never tried before.
They carry grocery items for mexican food, spices for african food, indian groceries and hair care products, mediterranean, chinese, japanese.
From the produce to the frozen food section.
Sometimes the fruit is ugly.
It's not shiny and waxed like the fruit at the big chain grocers.
The ugly fruit is oftentimes the tastiest in the crop.
They have fruits and veggies that your average grocery store doesn't carry.
The best store for non-gmo, gluten free foods!
Delectable cheese selections, variety of dips, chips, and snack foods.
Easily comparable to whole foods.
Amazing selection of stuff (ethnic, produce, meats, deli items, bakery, and ice cream).
The inside is warehousy, but much nicer than food city, food4less, and wal-mart.
If you haven't been, their food is even better than their top notch customer service.
This place is the best for fresh seafood.
Finally found a nearby place that sells korean food.
I was a little confused by the self serve bulgogi as there was only a roll of vegetable bags nearby.
This location is large with a lot of prepared food options and a full bar.
Overall one of the best options for food in the area.
Food court -- walk up, look at pictures, order food, enjoy.
Groceries -- cheap, stock up on those fruit and veggies.
They have one of the best selections of beer, wine, cheeses, and deli in the valley.
The tavern in the store is nice also with a good selection of beer on tap and good food.
Competition is pretty high, and the food at kitchen on 6th.
Food: we were 3 vegetarians, who were filled at the end of the meal.
Very tasty food with new and interesting flavors.
They have a great seafood selection and are very helpful.
Whenever i wanna try to cook some chinese or thai food i go there.
Plenty of german and a few dutch delights.
Tried some sausage as well, the deli sliced alps salami was ok and their summer sausage very good.
I also noted super prices on meat and seafood.
We love the food, some of the best steaks we have ever had!
I needed a vegetable tray for work and my map app pointed me in this direction.
There is a starbucks counter inside and you can get a special-order sub at the deli.
Prepared foods are decent.
I found this place online, searching for organic or local gourmet food gift baskets in toronto for a friend.
I have no idea what their store is like, but would definitely recommend them for local-foodie gift baskets.
From my apartment to whole foods, it's just a fairly short bus trip using the 32.
Of course, wf is expensive for groceries, but i love the quality of their foods.
Good fresh produce section and nice sushi, as well as all the non-food essentials.
Oh, what a beautiful day it is to have a whole foods in the neighborhood.
The foods are amazing and not expensive comparing whole foods market.
For most korean food, you can't just buy regular grocery store ingredients and turn it into korean food.
I go to asiana market for snacks and prepared food!
Food was hot, fresh and a pleasure to eat.
A whole assortment of beautiful things to make it most delicate tea party.
This has the bomb food!!!
Excellent bakery section with loads of delicious looking sweet things.
I also stock up on dried seaweed and snap pea crisps every time i'm here, as well as delicious wines.
Also their store brand green smoothie is delicious!
Prepared foods take up the whole first section.
My internal judges needed no time for deliberation on that sandwich.
From the fruits & veggies to lunch meat and chicken breasts it's the best you can buy!
And is that freshly baked ham at the deli?
Loblaws at maple leaf food.
Food was delicious and served promptly.
The ribs in the prepared foods area are a standout among lots of great items.
Although i did find it cheaper than whole foods.
There is also food too.
They had a good selection of fresh foods and baked goods as well as fried foods and candies.
Great looking fish, seafood and meats.
I mostly go for the deli at this place.
The bulk foods section is great for grains or nuts.
It's basic home style comfort food, but good for the value.
Great food, classy decor, and great staff.
To my surprise, every single person i encountered delivered exceptional customer service.
Most items here will be korean brand, or geared towards korean type food and living.
In addition to food and beverage, they sell some household goods, makeup, and accessories.
They also have a small selection of pre-made foods such as kimbap ($3.99/roll), and various pastries.
Cracker barrel has some great food at reasonable prices.
The genius in me should have thought near the fresh vegetables...and i did eventually.
We decided to get something for lunch at their snack bar/deli and take it to my daughters home.
Fruit and vegetables are an incredible bargain!
They also have lots of hard to find seafood too including skate wing.
The produce, meat &  seafood department is well organized, fresh and appealing with knowledgeable staff.
First time at us foods chef store.
The wings were delicious, the nachos were unbelievabe and the buffalo chips were off the charts.
Not only was the food good but the beer selection was great!
Food quality is great and the prices even better.
I get their organic baskets with veggies and fruits every week.
Clean clean clean great people friendly people nice food samples and vine samples the wine lady is the best!
Then browsing the store buying up everything... okay on to the food.
They have a large variety too that often mimics some of the higher  end stores like whole foods in variety.
We were on quite the run food-wise and decided to split an entree.
They have the best, freshest fruits and veggies.
If you've never been here before, let me break it down for you:   high quality deli meats and cheeses: awesome.
It's not that far of a walk but it's nice if you're tired of fast food and restaurant prices.
What sunflower market lacks in, they make up for in specialty health food items.
I dislike places like whole foods that monopolize on people's desire to live a better lifestyle.
Their veggie chips are delicious.
The dried fruits are also a good buy.
They have a great selection of foods, home goods, and really anything you could ever need.
They have the best organic food and customer service!
It's rare i'm not completely in love with their food!!
Outside, you can find stalls of fresh fruit, vegetables and fresh cut flowers.
Throw some of those freshly made warm tortillas and i'm in mexican food heaven.
They didn't have my favorite golden delicious apples but oh well lol
I'm writing this review only for their food stations and not for the grocery section.
Their seafood is always so fresh!
Great selection of organic foods, their salad bar and made to order counters are also delicious.
They were so fresh and delicious.
Amazing selection of ultra premium delights.
This is it: the holy grail of middle eastern food.
The deli counter and cheeses, awe inspiring.
The fruits and veggies are the one weakness, it's still good and varied, just not as amazing.
Whole foods- not the average grocery store!
I usually go to the whole foods closer to home on scottsdale rd south of the 101.
When this whole foods opened by my work i didn't think much of it.
Usually i get a salad at true foods or the starbucks protein plate...
I walked in and saw the juice bar right next to a huge selection of washed and cut fruit- perfect!
But i'm hungry for food not only fruit!
The grocery store is also great, with many varieties of south american food products!
The food tastes very authentic.
There's a whole foods-ish prepared foods section of the store, and... and... and... they sell wine.
The cafe is good too, and you can get food to eat-in or take-out.
Absolutely delighted to have found this place!
This place also has awesome asian snacks and already made food.
Never had any problems with any of the food with the exception of a large ham and a steak.
I mean foods... which is sayin' something, but whatevs.
I'm not usually a big food lion shopper but every so often, i'll pop in and be pleasantly surprised.
The traditional restaurant as well as the deli style restaurant inside.
The assortment of food items is amazing, too many good things to choose from.
It is a great experience, if you like mexican food you must go and check it out.
I haven't found any fruits and vegetables that looked like they'd been there since last year.
:)  i also love the fact they have organic milk, and ethnic foods.
They even have a curry bar and the curry's delicious!
We bought some cookies and curry chicken empanadas again, delicious.
They seem genuinely delighted to be there, which only adds to the overall shopping experience.
You have to try the chile spiced mango and the flattened bananas (both are dried fruits).
Asians know, this is the only place to find our beloved cultural foods, like bakchoy, ube, furikake, and melona bars.
They have selections of foods from different countries:germany, holland, india, korea, japan, middle east countries and others.
Speaking of the food court, that's another reason why i love costco.
I usually swing by the deli area and find something to try.
They have an organic section and even carry some meatless/vegan brands i've seen at whole foods.
I am glad that trader joe's is able to stand up against the monopoly of whole foods.
Went home with 3 different types of seafood for sushi.
The sushi experiment itself was messy, but delicious.
This place also has a counter where you can order fried seafood and sandwiches to go, all priced reasonably cheap.
I love your fresh vegetables and fruits.
Korean food tastes differently depending on the types of tofus, mushrooms and concentration of soy sauce , etc.
A great asian food store in arizona!
They had a nice selection of fruits, vegetables, fish, and meats!
Excellent selection of organic and international foods at terrific prices.
The staff are always so friendly and helpful, and the groceries are cheap and delicious.
Flax chips nom nom marsala veggie burgers frozen mexican food (burritos, taquitos, etc.
I opted for the $89 up-front fee so i would get free deliveries all year.
I'm an athlete so i am looking for the healthiest, nor-gmo and organic foods out there.
Though as recent reviews do state somethings are definitely​ higher like gluten free-sprouted bread and the out-of-season fruits and veggies.
I love the all natural soaps for $1.99, the samples out on the weekends to try different foods and items.
Their fresh food section has been getting better and better with each visit, too.
All baked menu, the food is delicious.
If you like darker beers, they have a selection of very good craft beers including one particularly delicious nitro porter.
The ranch market isn't necessarily food city; grocery prices aren't rock-bottom.
The salsas that are made here are also delicious and taste homemade.
The food in the restaurant part of the store has been nothing short of delicious in my opinion.
Yes, there are going to be small bits in the drink - it's made from real fruit.
Winco has a huge produce section, bulk foods (big time savings there!
), huge meat department, decent seafood department, huge bakery, everything about this place is huge!
They had a wide variety of asian food products so i was happy.
Fieldgate, hormone free, fresh organic beef, pork and chicken and eco-friendly, sustainable fresh seafood.
Over 400 fresh ontario dairy products including ontario organic milk delivered fresh.
What a wonderful large whole foods store with made to order raw juices, vegan pizza and fresh made biscotti.
They offer all sorts of italian foods, wines, and more.
I swooped up some pre-made pastas, as well as pizza dough, mozzerella, and some delicious pastries.
You will find most of the indian snacks, spices, beans/lentils, sweets and fresh vegetables.
Miles market is the perfect spot to pick up the freshest fruits, veggies, juices, lunchmeat, and cheeses.
(capicola)  as well as a superb deli case brimming with other  (prosciutto is delish!!!!!!)
Their selection of natural, organic, and bulk food is fantastic.
Great selection of cheeses, olives, hummus and deli foods.
There's a cooked food section in the back with plenty of proteins and salads to choose from.
The kitchen looks like a bristol farms or whole foods deli minus the market.
A super market and food extravaganza combined!
There are clean tables inside the super market for you to get your food, cafeteria-style, and sit down to eat.
And if you want more food... go for it!
Apart from a vast tea selection, they also carry an abundance of delicious spices, oils, and seasonings.
Like many, we shop at trader joe's quite regularly, in between whole foods and sprouts.
We love whole foods for their hot salad bar, awesome prepared food choices and killer cheese/meat selection.
But 20 highland tavern is the highlight of this place - tons of awesome beer on tap and great food.
They use a charcoal grill to cook their food inside.
In the end the quality is really nice, whole foods stuff without the whole foods price.
Fantastic cheese and fresh cut deli meat options.
I noted chinese, korean, japanese, indian food items, and also a lot of halal meats.
Taste, quality, fresh food, and great customer service.
De l'extérieur, c'est très ordinaire, avec des étals de fruits en spécial.
The deli trays and fruit trays are delicious !
Once we had a fun event where everyone spent a dollar on food items at this store.
I'm not going to lie i don't have much experience with street foods.
Pittsburgh simply isn't a big city for them (i've heard san francisco is the best place for food trucks).
Being a fan of tacos, and mexican food in general, i had to judge them for myself.
But, having a staff that speaks italian plus all of this wonderful food makes me feel like i'm at home.
The sandwiches here are out of this world delicious.
Don't eat kata/kebab often but it's always been delicious when i come here.
The seafood section was particularly mindblowing.
I asked for something light at the impressive deli counter and was given 3 different hams to sample.
I decided on a cured, honey-flavored, delicate variety that improved breaktime for me over the following week.
Glad i did the store is clean, fruits are fresh, and staff is nice.
Unusual wide and great selection of foods from all over.
Seafood personnel also suggested "swai", a non-fishy tasting fish- so ok, why not?
I'm getting better with my fear of the bulk food stuff- again: personnel awesome & super helpful!
Don't bother trying to get the great deals/selection on non-food items, that's not their thing.
My delivery was very prompt and friendly and exactly as ordered.
The deli, again, very good selection, especially uncured meats.
Had a delicious meatloaf dinner with 3 delicious country vegetables and all the fixings.
Better than food i've had in mexico.
Great selection of international foods.
Huevos rancheros were delicious and the coffee fantastic.
They also have ready made food in the freezer.
This stores great for both foods, daily needs and customer service!
Trader joe's is heaven because it's mostly pre-made food and always delicious.
Once i had the cake i moseyed around the deli area for a little bit.
The deli has a extensive selection of freshly prepared salads, deli meats and sliced cheeses.
The fish and seafood is impeccably fresh.
The prepared foods are also of high quality with great flavor.
There are plenty of processed food and staples scattered about the store.
They also have a section where you can have a fruit for free for your kids while you shop.
They have hard to find items such as frozen takoyaki, and an extensive array of foods.
The prices are reasonable and the produce, prepared foods (they have maha's falafel, steak, gyro and more!
In addition to excellent customer service, their produce and prepared food is always fresh and great quality.
I'm from boston and shop mainly at wholefoods.
Everything about the store makes sense, quality, specialty foods, selection.
Thank you again francisco, and thank you whole foods.
I picked up a lot of snacks & junk food (potato chips, pretzels, cookies, and candy).
I also bought a good deal of fresh fruits & veggies, cheese, seafood, and chicken.
They have the best most crisp and delicious gala apples and they are 3 for .99!
I enjoy the fresh meat, seafood, and sushi counter.
Great selection of lovely quality food and  brilliant selection of fruits, and vegetables.
The chicken was delicious, again for bake i was surprised at how juicy it was.
I saw tons of fruit and veg i've never heard of before.
I might as well shop at whole foods...
Not only did the biltmore get a whole foods but it got a whole foods on steroids, literally!!
There is a ton of fresh food, friendly people and a great vibe going on.
The fresh food bar is always great and tasty.
Loblaws slogan 'great food' is the world's biggest understatement.
The quality and selection of food available here is simply staggering!
Absolutely the best food court/supermarket we have ever seen.
All the prepared food is absolutely heaven.
They have a great deli, seafood, and bakery section and great fresh vegetables.
A health food store this is not.
This is a spacious market with a lot of asian food items to choose from.
The prices are reasonable, they have fresh fruit, fresh veggies, frozen items, cold drinks, pastries, & household items.
Fresh meat fresh fruit very convenient fair prices very clean i go there a lot the food court is amazing
I really enjoyed the grill and prepared food selection for lunch.
I have been looking for food-grade lavender to bake cookies with.
From the deli, i like pretty much about everything.
I'm not into camp but i am into food, and this is where the log barn 1912 shines.
The staff is always super friendly and the food always comes out hot and fast.
It's my go to for a veggie pizza and healthy food.
I thought the inside was going to be huge, like safeway or foodland.
They always have the freshest seafood, meats, breads and everything else.
Delicious, fast, good value and very friendly service.
I am a vegan, and they had a good amount of vegan friendly food which is always awesome.
As to having mostly packaged foods: i'm not sure i agree here.
Of course, there is a fair amount of packaged foods.
Every week i buy basic things like milk, eggs, bread, cheese, yogurt, fruits, veggies.
The griddled bread and potatoes that you get with the eggs are so delicious.
This location is good about stocking their shelves and making sure they keep unexpired foods.
I would recommend just about everything except i think food city has better pan dulces.
All fruits and veggies were picked to perfection and the breads they baked were really fresh.
Overall with great food selection and good customer service we would stop here again.
For me, i enjoy going to the deli for lunch since it is right down the street from work.
I was also very impressed by the to-go food.
I am sooooo happy that they have a whole foods in phoenix.
Yayyyyy   i usually travel to scottsdale for whole foods.. nopee.
Of all the discount grocery stores i've been to, this particular location of food basics was the best!
As for the selection, i shopped primarily in the fresh produce area; it was well-stocked with fresh vegetables and fruit.
As for the international food options, i was impressed by the selection of portuguese frozen fish and seafood.
Also picked up some can delights for my fur balls, they always enjoy a little pate for dinner.
Marty's dinner menu:  i don't know what kind of people are saying it's low quality food.
That's a bold faced lie, maybe stop ordering just salads and put some real food in your gullet.
If i could make sexy food sounds i would.
The food here is all fresh and delicious.
I've always like their deli salads.
They have one of the best selections of salads and even have seasonal foods available around the holidays.
The food....best and freshest around....don't believe me, get some boneless chicken breast.
During our set up, they walked around with menus and they offered delivery to vendors during the event.
I've done dozens of vendor events and have never had a caterer offer to do delivery during it.
This review is for the hot/prepared foods section!
Even a nice variety of food products.
Great selection of ethnic foods.
Great service and even better food!
We were sat right away and food didnt take long to come out.
Aldi is owned by the same company as trader joe's, and we get a lot of basic food items here.
I bought some strawberries, which were huge and turned out to be delicious.
The restaurant area was super busy, which must be a sign that the food here is at least decent.
I usually shop here 1-2x week for the great food and the reasonable prices.
They have a large prepared foods section and a good bakery section too.
The bulk food is really a good deal here too.
Great beer/ wine selection and an awesome prepared food selection.
The grocery smells like fish, but really big variety of fresh and "dry" food.
There was a mushroom medley, which sounded delicious.
So were a lot of the other fruits and vegetables although not much in the way of organic.
I only went in for fruit no flesh of any kind over these 2 weeks.
Those people are probably used to getting soggy lettuce from mexico at food lion.
Everyone loves free food!
La reyna food market is the pittsburgh go to place for all food latino in the strip.
A great place to buy authentic russian food.
Ordered a eggplant parmigiana sandwich for lunch and it was delicious!
Great selection of food and being able to buy bulk spice is definitely a bonus.
The fruits as well.
I love their frozen food section since i know something new will always catch my eye.
Good food via the 'to go' section..
Loved the fact that they have  fresh olives, nuts, meat, cheese, and bakery plus prepared foods.
Good selections of organic and not organic food, including supplements.
Love the coffee shop inside whole foods!
In all of the united states, if you're looking for authentic german food, look no more!!
Having been to germany several times before and having the authentic food there, bavaria sausage is exactly the same!
They do their very best to deliver quickly for the best shipping dollar amount.
Can't wait for our delivery this week!!
Fruit snacks, cake mixes, cereals, rice, produce, frozen meals, etc.
I always try to get my fruits and vegetables here.
I primary only get fruits and vegetables here because they are cheap while still being good quality.
The cake was delicious fortunately.
Yowzer, yowzer, yowzer...  fresh bread, cakes, fruits and veggies, meat and everything else.
The salad bar is large and they have a pretty decent selection of foods if you're not into salad.
Waiting in line to buy foods is never a long wait.
Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
You can also buy bulk pet food, candy, and healthy oats/rice/pasta.
I could spend hours in lee lee's lusting after the food porn possibilities.
They also have a great prepared food department with dinners you just have to pop in the oven.
They also offer vietnamese coffee - and it is delicious!!
They have a great deli selection & bakery selection.
I'm so glad this new whole foods is in this location!
The kale / other produce are local, and the juice bar and prepared foods are delicious.
It's overdue for a remodeling, but overall, a real pleasure to shop and decent prices, too.
The food was really delicious and our guests loved everything we served.
An incredible selection of fresh vegetables and imported foods.
I love grocery stores that offer real food.
The fruit and veggie sections are impressive and home to many foods i cannot find anywhere else.
The deli, while small in the meat section, has a great cheese section and even a mediterranean section.
That's just what is to be found at the deli.
There is a refrigerated section of cheeses and mediterranean food as well.
This is a friendly market that sells delicious cakes and soups.
They have a warm section of preprepared food that i tried out.
It was so delicious just as good as any restaurant type food.
There are also two restaurants a large area where you can sit in the food court section.
Lam's seafood market is one of those places you either love or hate.
If you know the valley, you know finding "exotic" foods is not an easy thing to do.
I can't recommend this place enough to stock up on hard-to-find ethnic foods at incredibly reasonable prices.
Food: the food was good for the most part.
The meat and deli section is fantastic!
I love the bulk food section and how fresh the produce and meats are.
Also plenty of authentic packaged foods and interesting finds.
Great bakery items as well as prepared foods.
It's got a little bit of everything except items like dog food or wrapping paper.
The deli counter is awesome.
Such items are international foods, much better microwavable foods, more options on organic products, etc.
Plus majority of their food are less expensive.
The lady walked me around to show me all the west african and caribbean food products.
I've never had a bad experience here and the crew at the deli counter are amazing.
The owner is so super friendly and enthusiastic about their food, and their food is good.
The cakes are delicious, not to sweet, just perfect.
So much food for $7-$8 and you get to choose your protein, rice, sauce, and vegetables.
Overall, it's a very decent grocery store and while not as cheap as foody mart, it is much cleaner.
I highly recommend everyone visit and get some yummy food!
Their vegetables are fresh and cheap!
Vegetarian tostadas and vegetable burritos are both absolutely killer.
If you're looking for quick, healthy mexican food i definately recommend this place.
Easy, convenient and delicious.
Best source of seafood in town.
Our go to place for all things seafood.
The soup are alway delish.
They have fantastic frozen goods and great chinese food treats, orange chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, dumplings etc.
Our home is vegetarian and there are so many options here to dress your food up and keep it exciting.
The food is prepared with care and the service is prompt.
The deli is awesome.
The food is rich in flavor and not super expensive.
2 fruits and a veggie gotta cancel out a taco and hot dog, right?
I went there a few times for their pastries which are delicious!
Chuppas has absolutely gorgeous and (more important) delicious produce at really reasonable prices.
Vegan health food market with a quick serve counter as well as a take out fridge and small dinning area.
If you like veggie food or are searching for hard to find vegan products this is your place.
Excellent, healthy food options and great customer service!
After the wedding, i had multiple guests tell me it was the best food they'd ever had at a wedding.
There's no medical reason i need to avoid gluten, cholesterol or any of the other 'bad foods'.
I love the spinach pakoras with tamarind chutney made by indianlife food corp...that's why.
It could easily match a local no frills or food basics.
There's so many organic foods.
Food may go bad quickly, but prices are definitely lower than giant eagle
Earth's best, and i believe it's called sprouts, are among some of the other natural baby food items here.
In other words, smart move, whole foods!
The aisles are large enough to navigate with ease, and they have every hippie, healthy food product you can imagine.
Delicious food and my fave pinot grigio was flowing!
The bartender was delightful and i didn't want to leave!
Fast forward to the food.
Instead i got the mushrooms on toast which was delicious.
Their fruit and veggies always look great, as well as the meat.
...i feel like i'm in "health food heaven" when i come here, lol!
I absolutely love the food & salad bar!
Place is always clean, fruits, veggies, and meats are always fresh.
Really nice floral section and i love the salad bar and pulled pork; the carolina sauce (mustard based) is delicious.
It's a grocery/deli with a great food selection.
The food was to die for.
It's really good quality food and their sandwich bread is amazing!
Great store for new mexican food ingredients!
I find that the vegetables are usually very cheap and fresh.
They have spices/foods/snacks from multiples countries and they have bowls/cups/silverware/pots/pans.
It's really a great place to shop if you want to find good asian foods for a decent price!
The marinaded food is always delicious.
Always busy due to their great service, very reasonably priced deli, and probably the best soups in ne ohio!
I love this little market - farm fresh produce, a fully staffed deli and meat market and traditional amish bakery.
It seems like only 3/4 of the store is food.
They have never let us down, and we will continue shopping here for food years to come
The fruit can be hit or miss, but the veggies are generally pretty good.
), frozen foods (white roughy fish, brown rice, vegetables, and ethnic dishes), and vitamins (very reasonable).
The taste of the foods is also important (no problem here).
It's hard to beat tj's for quality food, but fresh & easy sure comes close, though.
I know there are whole foods fans out there, and that's fine, but some things are downright outrageous.
If you want cheap, organic groceries and loads of novelty food items, trader joe's this is the place to go.
The manager scott,  josh in the seafood dept.
Beautiful store, adequate parking, large selection of whole delicious foods.
They have a nice cafe with sushi and beer and hot yummy foods and a rather large selection of wines.
The food is all baked which makes you feel better about eating it!
Food is amazing and staff is so friendly!
They have everything you need from food, to catering, to restaurant supplies & more!
If you're looking to stretch your food budget, this is the place to go.
The prepared food are always great, and i had a good experience with the bakery when i ordered a cake.
It's like a candy store for foodies.
The prepared food section is like food porn.
They also have really well-known brands of sauces and marinades that have a cult-like following amongst foodies.
Good place to buy world food.
Whole foods is a great place to go for those things that they specialize in!
Walking through the doors, you notice the same cleanliness expected from all whole foods, which i appreciate.
It's a supermarket, so the things that are exclusive to whole foods are great!
Ranch market over off of the 202 has a better vegetable selection but i figure that beggars can't be choosers.
There was nary a piece of good hot food left.
Don't miss the freshly made pita bread, baklava, hummus, and prepared foods.
Excellent and large selection of fruits and vegetable, grocery, fresh fish and frozen foods.
You will find the most exotic fruits and meats.
As for fruits and veggies, the prices are great, and very ethnic variety.
The food was delicious and plated nicely.
They have a great selection of organic food and farm boy branded products which are priced reasonable.
I would love to try the different food items instead of only picking up snacks.
Load up on fresh fruits and veggies here.
Their seafood is cheap and good!
The food selection  and variety is amazing.
Their produce section has various different variety's of fruits and veggies that other stores don't have.
They even offer a larger selection of organic items located closer to the seafood.
Oh, did i mention in between the fresh produce and hot foods they have a granola and nut section.
This store has nearly all your food wants and needs!!!!
Beautiful, clean and a great place to buy food.
It is a tad expansive but you do have a wide variety of foods from across the world.
The food is so delicious and fresh!!
The market's food is better than anything i could ever make!
They seem to have everything you want if you are thinking of cooking asian food.
Its a german grocery store, they have their brand names food/items but they also have more popular us brands too.
It's not a market - it's a palace of culinary delights.
I haven't tried any food here but look forward to doing so.
The fruit/veggie selection is pretty good.
It is tasty, interesting, healthy, food for cheap.
Can you imagine organic foods and a walmart-style lot?
The food here is beyond awesome!
Yes, they have a lot of amazing ,pure ,and healthy foods.
Loads of fresh fruit and vegetables, as well as anything else your heart could desire.
This is it; simply the largest supermarket in town specializing in foods from all over asia.
A comprehensive selection of foods from india, pakistan, vietnam, thailand, indonesia, korea, china, japan and much more!
They have a huge selection of soyfoods including fresh, canned and frozen.
This is also a regular dep so you can grab grab beers, smokes, organic vegetable chips: you know regular stuff.
They've got your typical asian market fare, along with the bbq stand and fresh seafood.
They are always amazed and the food is great!
It also has a great prepared food area, both cold and hot, and the food is excellent!
I like the store because it's not very large but it still offers a good variety of food and beverages.
I ended up getting fresh fruits, tomato soup and yogurt.
I had a sample of gluten free spice cake, a green bean sample that was delicious, and some coffee.
The produce is cheaper than any chain grocery store, and the seafood is nice and fresh.
I can skip deliveries or change what i get by customizing the order.
This place is like a mall of food!
The seafood section is just as massive covering just about the entire ocean.
The cafe has every type of food you can imagine.
I am a recent food city convert.
Food city has 80% cheaper produce than any other grocery stores in the state.
That's a great plus in addition to the huge selection at whole foods.
If anyone wants to kill me, compare foods has cilantro bouillon cubes, something i had never seen before.
I could go on forever - all different kinds of awesome foods you rarely see.
The soups, which i recently tried, are delicious.
They sell boars head deli products, awesome!
Gluten free choices both for food and beer.
Great selection of asian foods, korean, chinese, indian, and thai.
Vegetables and meats are super fresh.
They have selections of foods from different countries:germany, holland, india, korea, japan, middle east countries and others.
- affordable/delicious beers (mission st./firestone walker beers brewed for trader joe's rock!)
They also have produce, meats and different types of foods & snacks.
In all honesty, it's hard to write a bad review about whole foods.
I've been to many whole foods in my days and often visit 2 or 3 times a day.
I don't tend to grocery shop at whole foods so i can only comment on the prepared food section.
I often eat breakfast and lunch at whole foods.
The prepared food sections tend to differ by location.
They have a full salad bar with lots of options as well as 2 full sections of hot prepared food.
This is in addition to the pizza, sandwich, sushi, chinese food, juice bar areas like all other whole foods.
Also the corn tortillas were fresh made and warm when we bought them, and delicious at dinner that night!
Their food is good.
Krieger's is a supermarket that specializes in, well, health foods.
It was set up more like a farmer's market than a leading health foods market, and that was intriguing.
While i prefer mustard seed, krieger's is one of the best health foods markets in akron.
I would also love a fruit only option.
Top notch food items at very reasonable prices, trader joe's are one of my usual grocery stops.
And all around i'd say 10/10 spot for russian food!
Very good bulk foods selections too.
Sunflower market is definitely my favorite place to get fresh fruits and veggies without spending an arm & a leg!
The quality of the vegetables aren't always the best, but you need to do some digging.
I see the same quality fruits and veggies at my local smiths for at least a $1-2 more!
(happened to me one too many times at f&e)  they have pre-made foods & soups.
I love the bulk food section where they have nuts, seeds, legumes, grains, flour, sugar, snacks, etc.
Wide variety, convenient, healthy food options, friendly staff.
They had surprisingly great selection of many foods at very good prices.
Really great prices especially if you compare to whole foods down the road near gvr.
They have tons of hot food to offer for all appetites!
They also have a sit down bar to have a drink with your food.
It felt homey and comfortable in the restaurant which made the food extra delicious!
The dining area is not big but the food was awesome.
The food i buy is always wonderful and makes delicious meals for my family!
The food recommendations were perfect and delicious!!
All my friends and family know that i am a huge supporter of bountiful baskets food co-op.
Love the deli area where you can make your own sandwiches!
(delicjes are only 99 cents !)
There is a variety of international foods and products you can not get anywhere else.
A more in depth hot food counter.
The healthiest of healthy foods.
It reminds me a lot of whole foods-there is a massive prepared food section, a coffee/espresso bar, wine and beer.
The grocery store offers a nice selection of fresh fruit and veggies.
Organic from california and half the price of whole foods!
They don't have nearly the selection of whole foods but buy what you can here!
As for selection of meats and seafood, it seems about the same if not a little bit more.
There is such a great variety of foods, especially for health and wellness!
You have to measure this against the convenience of having it delivered to your door.
Didn't see any expired or old-looking food here, which is always a pleasant surprise for an asian grocery joint.
You can't beat this place for authentic mexican food with the service to match.
I have never dined there, but food looks good!!
Great super nice staff and excellent food, so many choices.
Affordable, great quality, variety of unique options as well as your every day foods that you can quickly grab.
They have fresh produce and a great deli selection that is perfect for lunch.
I can definitely say i am more pleased with bb food co-op.
The food being fresh is way more important that waking up to a box on my front porch.
Phenomenal selection of chinese food, everything i would want to buy i can get here.
They also conveniently have ready-made food.
Their meals (boxed dinners and sushi) are quite delicious for the price.
Decent selection in bakery/deli, and a great variety of wine/cheese!
I love that they have food divided in areas by location, and that it isn't all asian.
My employer has had a few catered events from miles market and the food is good.
I diddd buy some filet mignon that was at a price that made the food even better ;j  r\_
Fruits and vegetables are always fresh and great quality.
Very rare to even find bruised fruits.
Every vegetable and fruit looks extremely vibrant.
Just really draws your attention and makes you want to explore new food options.
They even have organic food!
The pricing is not bad and the food is generally a good quality.
My husband ordered the full english, which was delightfully authentic (white and black pudding!
In the mornings they have delicious, fresh brewed coffee samples for customers to enjoy.
Washrooms by the deli.
Their produce (mostly used in asian foods) are fresh and cheap.
They have a seafood selection (including salmon head!
Finally, i love how you can suggest foods that you would like them to stock.
Delicious and made to order.
They also sell freshly made fruit and veggie juice straight from the juicer for an unbeatable price.
Fantastic deli, cheese, take out and fresh produce.
Staff is very friendly too and their pastry are delicious.
I love lee lee's because it carries just about any international item that you may need (food-wise).
The also have a great meat and seafood section.
Everyone is over the top friendly, and the fruit is always delish!
There foods and vegetables are always great here.
Also, in the summer they offer an outdoor grill with various food options.
They have good and fresh food.
Deli case is great too, i love the chickpea fetta and kale salad.
Safeway has done a lot of remodeling to their stores over the past several years and it really shows.
Love this store it's so much better than whole foods .
All the stuff you have sampled off the  deli and been so full of flavor .
Help support this store over whole foods .
Small but has a few good organic, natural food items.
I come here once a month to satisfy my craving for korean food.
They have a lot of food bars that you can make a plate and eat there or take home.
Mama mia is this the place to go if you are looking for some authentic italian food!
They have a section where you can order food to go, sweet, huh!
And they have vitamin c drinks, milk drinks, and  fruit drinks with real fruit chunks, or pulp.
Saturdays they continue to have sushi and traditional korean pancakes (containing veggies and sometimes a mix of seafood).
I love coming here and picking up mochi, cooking sauces and the fruit i can't get in american markets.
They small pickup cafeteria which always has yummy food you can snack on.
The bulk food section is huge with a wide variety of items, including pet food.
The frozen food section is bigger than most and offers a large variety.
A variety of international foods 9.
A more in depth hot food counter.
I like the assortment of vegetables and fresh noodles that this place has to offer.
Everyone is always so kind and the food is amazing.
Fresh boars head lunch meat & deli.
The food here is expensive but super worth eating healthy and feeling good about yourself.
Providing that you are not looking for junk food, this is the place to shop.
They have liquor, beer, packaged foods and sundries.
This place offers the best variety of fish, seafood, spices, and items from various countries.
It also had cookware from colombia (steel) which is said help cook cancer free foods.
Although i would never buy the vegetables there because it was not within my price range, they all look fresh.
Now for the important part: the brunch food.
I hate how much i love whole foods.
This particular location has stellar customer service, an outstanding hot bar, and overall great food selection.
It's always delicious and i've never been disappointed.
They also carry delicious cookies and on tuesdays and fridays they get saint donuts (i'm kinda obsessed with those donuts.)
On occasion i will stop by the deli department for some cheese.
And even some food thats already pre made incase i forget my lunch.
Without a doubt, stop by at whole foods you won't regret it :)
Added beer a couple years ago and the deli, prepared foods are up to par as well.
It is expensive, but you do get great quality food and groceries.
The bakery section is huge and you've a wide variety, same thing with the meat and fruits and vegetables section.
I also love the fish & seafood department, and the service you get in that department is truly exemplary.
Without that courtesy, i would not be able to buy fresh fish and seafood from them.
My work also uses the market district to cater our office christmas party and the food never fails.
The seafood salsa was good with a little kick, probably could use a tad more seafood.
Plus, let's talk about all those awesome bins they have for snacks, dry goods, and pet foods!!!
They really have a cool selection of seafood and salads.
If it is about the seafood, they have one of the best prices in town.
The veggies and fruits are almost always fresh.
Several fast food restaurants nearby  security guard on premise.
I had no trouble grabbing the food that i intended to buy.
Asian, indian, jamaican food..the only place i can find pre made jamaican beef patties.
Nice selection of fruits and vegetables.
The prepared foods area is wonderful.
Way better than any fast food fried chicken.
They have other food packaged and ready to heat and serve.
What really made a great experience for me was the deli today.
I went to the deli because i wanted some fresh cut meats and cheeses for sandwiches at home.
Wine and beer tasting, a great hot and prepared food selection and plenty of fresh foods.
I stopped by just to look around and ended up buying some fruit and drinks.
You're not going to find typical deli salads or boar's head meats here.
Deep fried pork shoulder is another delicacy.
Your food is now cold.
Then the cinnamon  vanilla donut was melt in your mouth moist and delicious.
I had pretty much lost hope in pittsburgh until i came across edgar's taco stand at reyna foods.
Their own brand of foods is quite good and well priced which helps.
Other brand name foods are fair compared to other stores.
They've got a great variety of cured, deli and sliced meats, as well as fresh european confections and daily staples.
I highly recommend the deli meats.
Great food, very nice atmosphere, wonderful evening!
Really good flavor and great food.
Not only is there alot of stuff, but the food is actually affordable.
Best meat and seafood prices anywhere.
Excellent service and delicious food.
The seafood/fish selection is none like i've ever seen before.
New location just opened recently, but stock seemed pretty low on deli items.
I try to go  here for all of our food needs but sometimes i cheat and go to wally world.
My friend needed fruit juice and i simply love going to grocery stores.
They have friendly staff to help guild you and they have the best european and russian food in town!
I love their lunch meat selection and their fresh seafood selection....and both are reasonably priced.
Absolutely the best seafood selection in the state and their produce is very fresh and crisp.
Thank you for making my food and my life so great trader joe's, very impressed always!
They have a great variety of fruits  and veggies, along with a fabulous selection of cheeses!
This is a foodies dream.
In the vegetable department, the long beans, eggplant and bean sprouts are always fresh.
You can find it in the deli section.
If you want awesome food and seriously some of the best pizza around this is your place.
The convenience foods (in the aisles) seemed a bit higher than most stores.
Some of the frozen foods were nicely priced.
There was very good customer service and food.
I thought it was going to be more like a fast food type of thing (i.e.
Trader joe's is great place to shop for healthy organic food.
There are many types of foods that you will not find anywhere else.
The perimeter of the market is dotted with cafe's from a fish one, street deserts, juices, bakery and mexican food.
I've been a mexican kick lately when it comes to lunch and this places seriously delivers.
Where else can you grab a delicious inexpensive lunch and pick up a few groceries at the same time.
They've got a great seafood selection at a fair price that beats most places in the valley.
The mean was delicious.
Some of my favorites are japanese snacks,  korean ribs, japanese rice,  tea,  and lychee fruits, especially.
I love the food and drinks here!
The carnitas are delicious!!!
If you eat before you shop you buy less junk food
I like their vegetarian /vegan and gluten-free frozen food section, bulk tea, spices, candy, dog treats, etc.
I also like their selection of deli salads and prepared foods.
They had some this time in the prepared foods, but not in the deli.
I only ordered the side salad to get my daily vegetables in.
The food tasting bad wasn't her fault.
The price is not to bad for how much food ur getting.
It's like eating soul food.
Small size market with great prices and great quality food.
I applaud the natural grocers business model of only selling healthy foods.
She has fruits, vegetables, and spices galore!
Great selection of food and very friendly and helpful staff.
I don't rave about "good" food.
I rave about amazing food.
The type of food that i have dreams about.
The taco stand outside of reyna foods makes just that kind of food.
Great vegetables, organic fruit, wonderful coffee, baked goods, cheeses, deli and fresh specialty foods..
Nice to see dr.bronner's soaps and a full array of health foods.
Great food, fruit waters, tortillas, tacos.
I love the selection of fruit, fish, and deli.
I notice it's more for prepared foods, drinking, and socializing more than its meant for actual grocery shopping.
Whenever i compare to nature's emporium/whole foods/noah's/sometimes ambrosia, organic garage is cheaper.
I also started picking up organic pet food here.
All of their food is fabulous and it isnt filled with garbage like high fructose corn syrup.
They dont have a huge range of vegetables all the time but they have enough.
Mixed nuts, dried fruits, cookie butter, fruits, flowers, everything is all my favorites.
I like that the groceries, cleaning supplies, pet food and pharmacy are located in the same half of the store.
The veggies and fruits are the freshest in town and best price.
He showed me where to find vegetables and candy.
Everything is clean and well stocked, and the vegetables were fresh and so cheap.
The store has an amazing bakery, deli, cheese, and meat sections.
The fruits and vegetable section has a decent selection.
It's huge and you can find pretty much find any food here.
Love the big cheese fridge, alone with the various deli and cooked foods counters.
Finalement, on y trouve un grand choix d'épices, de noix et de fruits séchés à des prix concurrentiels.
Plenty of fruits and vegetables which i love.
Great organic and healthy food market!
The aisles where laid out and organized, found what i wanted, the quick checkouts and the fresh foods.
The selection of fruits and vegetables looks nice, and the $0.39 plumcot caught my eye.
It was juicy and delicious, and i wished i had bought more.
The meats are more expensive due to the organic or free-range practices, but still less than whole food's.
There was an abundance of specialty cheeses and exotic fruits from around the globe.
The heat n eat and sushi section was very well displayed and delish!
I was really pleased with the broad selection of filipino foods.
I also buy my week's supply of fruits here.
They're always fresh and last longer than fruits from metro.
Their food is fresh, their staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
I really like this whole foods!
If you are familiar with the more exotic spice varieties, you'll be in foodie heaven here.
This store also has a large bulk foods selection (one of the largest i've seen).
The food options are awesome and all are fairly cheap.
The hot food is great.
Live seafood and the best bubbletea
Also, the food and alcohol section is super interesting and fun.
We love this place for authentic latin food.
Fresh bake tortillas, fresh juices, fresh produces, mexican pastry and delicious mexican food, yum!
If korean food is your thang, this is the best asian store to go to get your supplies.
I thought i would never find indian food outside of cleveland heights, parma, lakewood and north olmstead.
This little spot has a good mix of korean and japanese ingredients, but focuses more on korean foods.
They have a large variety of frozen goods and seafood given the size of the store.
Also have some ready made food.
They have a wonderful selection of produce, seafood, frozen items, dried goods, and even pots and pans.
I had fresh cut fruit - strawberries, blueberries, raspberries.
Parking is readily available in the mall the prices are decent and the vegetables are fresh.
Best place to get authentic spanish food at great prices.
They have everything here and delicious.
They answered all our questions about the cheese and deli meats they sold and even offered us samples.
I don't know very much about cheese and deli meats, but the cheese and deli meat i bought was delicious.
My favorite whole foods location by far!
They make fresh bread at this location daily and have the best selection of ready to cook foods.
The old kiev one was delicious.
I found the staff unprepared for selling speciality food.
Like they couldn't wait 15 more minutes to make more money (i was choosing more food).
Lots of sweet caramelized brown sugar, over ripe dark fruits, belgian yeast, slightly boozy.
.8.4% blond, robust, smooth, and fruity.
Fruit notes of blackberry, and wild berries.
The food was absolutely perfect and the servings were huge.
I felt that their performance of food at my party deserved a stellar yelp review.
I enjoy the staff, they are always very friendly & the selection in great food is fantastic.
Excellent service   food was perfection!
Great vegetables, organic fruit, wonderful coffee, baked goods, specialty cheeses, and deli meats.
Nice to see dr.bronner's soaps and a full array of health food products as well.
The food was very fresh.
I loved the salads at their deli.
Bought a chocolate mint tea and a white tea (red fruit).
They did check my id (i am at the age where this is delightful!)
The fruit and vegetables are fresh.
I still enjoy going to costco, i love the warehouse style shopping, and the samples are always delightful.
Their homemade tortillas are also pretty delicious.
Warming them up in the oven with a little oil makes them even more delicious.
And they have guava jelly, which is always absurdly delicious!
It fundamentally a major distributor of greek, turkish, spanish, and bulgarian foods, with an emphasis on greek.
The blueberry balsamic vinegar is delicious.
Dig this whole foods, for the quality and selection of the foods, as well as the people watching.
Salad bar is huge, and pre-made, hot/cold deli counter options look good, too.
They have a great selection of food to eat healthy and delicious.
Super affordable and it carries a lot of foods that shouldn't be hard to find, but are.
My eyes were all over the deli though.
For full review see: http://www.suziethefoodie.com/tour-loblaws-maple-leaf-gardens/ ~ suzie the foodie
Each isle brought new delights to my eyes.
Unfortunately i'm just visiting and can't haul food home.
The fresh cheese section was intense, as well as the seafood, meat, produce and hot food booths.
I love grabbing some lunch at their food stations as well, and eating it upstairs in the cafe.
My only complaint is that i wish there were a greater selection of fruits.
Lots of empty crates (although i guess it is a good thing that people are gobbling up the fruit!).
I'd also like to see more fresh cut fruit in packages (i'm lazy).
The food court inside is amazing.
Great prices and any mexican food product or utensil you could think of.
Great selection of fruits, vegetables, meat, poultry, bread, you name it.
It's a huge foodie wonderland, where you can find anything you set your mind on.
The food is cheaper than most locations because they buy in bulk.
Always had great deals on fruits and veggies.
My go to place for fruit and vegetables.
It's just food, people.
They always have the fresh vegetables and fruits.
Being russian will always make you nostalgic for russian food.
Prepared foods like kimbap (m-sat before 3pm) - and it's delicious.
Great selection of variety of prepared foods and cooking essentials.
Whether it's spices or sweets or frozen foods or kulfi or indian movies or even stuff for puja.
My favorites in no particular order:  -bird's nests (frozen section; shredded veggies tempura fried and delicious!)
-soy and ginger carrots (frozen section; shredded carrots--totally delicious!)
-red curry sauce (add meat and rice and totally easy delicious meal!)
-pre-made pizza dough (cheese section--easy and delicious!)
Also, this is some of the cheapest organic food you can find, which is a bonus.
I try to buy it whenever possible, but it's always so expensive--trader joe's makes it affordable and delicious!
There are so many great things about this store, starting with foods you can't get elsewhere.
Reyna foods is one of those places that makes me really wish that pittsburgh would have a street food revolution.
Every popular part of town should have food carts.
They're quick, convenient, and delicious.
This shopping experience is awesome for foodies that like to experiment with cooking using luxurious ingredients.
Love tj's for buying produce, meat and even prepackaged food.
Across the expanse, there is an exceptional salad and sushi bar as well as every premade comfort food dish imaginable.
It's the end of the week, i'm tired and i am only food shopping cuz i need to.
Generally impressed, especially the bountiful food carts they attract.
The food is cheap!
It lasted longer then the one i bought from whole foods that went bad in under a week.
You can get the food cheaper because they do take coupons.
I would definitely recommend to anyone, their food is fresh, their selection is unique and their people are just awesome.
I mostly by my vegetables and the occasional fruit bunch here.
The vegetables have a much longer shelf life than anything i've bought  at no frills or food basics.
I like they have a good selection of organic and preservative-free foods at fair prices.
Think of a super walmart, but all food -- no tvs, no clothes, etc.
Having lived in nyc for a while, i grew accustomed to having groceries delivered.
You go on their website, register, place an order (minimum $50+fee), pay, and select your delivery time.
We selected the option to have groceries delivered between 1-9pm.
Delivery person couldn't have been nicer and carried everything inside.
They also have a variety of dried fruits, like dried kiwi and dried raspberries.
Walking in my mind was set on fruits veggies and getting my foodies to prep my body for my 10k.
But i mushed through, plugged my nose and headed to my fruits and veggies.
Food: 5; hands down the best wings i've had in vegas.
Nuts, dried fruits, breads, canned and frozen kitchen essentials, two buck chuck for cooking (just some of my favorite items).
Bon choix de charcuterie  et de fruits  !
I love reyna foods so much and highly recommend it for anyone who appreciates mexican cuisine!
The lady at the deli was friendly and made a killer turkey pest avocado sandwich!!!
Lots of great food ideas for parties or just a quick meal!
Fruits and vegetables are always fresh!
Nice selection of fruits and vegetables they also display prices of their competitors.
There are options between deli, prepared-to-go, full range salad bar, soup bar, bakery, etc.
Plus the fruit and veggies always look good which is a plus in my book.
Moved to clt in desperate need of korean food/people.
In the upside however this store is very clean and they have an impressive meat and frozen food section.
Update... they've greatly expanded their eastern european food section, it takes up two aisles now.
We can't forget the fresh foods they bake and cook daily.
Inside the market, there is a fairly large selection of vegetables and a smaller selection of fruit.
It also has a restaurant to get mexican food.
I shop at chuppa's at least twice a week and will not buy produce or deli items anywhere else.
Chuppa's is a great little market that meets all of my fresh food needs in a hurry.
Good service and nice fresh food, people tell the truth you just want free food that's why you complain.
I love this whole foods!
The chef always packs my meal with a lot of food too that i always have left overs.
I joined about 3 months ago and still enjoying the fresh fruit and crispy veggies.
Very informative on saving leftover fruits and veggies.
You shouldn't have to go bankrupt to have access to healthy food.
Compare foods as a grocery store is great, they have a wide variety of produce at extremely low prices.
I dont know what the dishes were but they were fucking delicious.
The pigsfeet was flavorful and the vegetables in the braise was so good.
This is easily the best whole foods, especially for prepared food.
Huge fresh prepared food area with hot and cold bars and a lot of choices.
I love our little shops and frequently visit them for my delicatessen, bread and natural food needs.
And food basics, i'm not going to even bother....
They advertise this service as you walk in the front door with a sign of what was requested and delivered.
The tea emporium satisfies any tea connoisseur, certainly satisfies me (check out the candied almond dessert tea, delish).
And, you have to bag your own groceries, so in that sense, it's like a food 4 less.
This place is still my "go to" place for asia specialty food.
I am over weight, i eat plenty of vegetables, this is a blessing for me.
The vietnamese restaurant is ok, not great but ok. decent food, decent price.
(food, price, service .. yea...all that)
Always good food and nice helpful and friendly staff.
The cooked food and baked goods.
You have cookies, baklava, fruit tarts, chocolates, eclairs...everything your heart can desire.
I was in heaven, stuffing my face with handfuls of grilled chicken, kibbeh an other amazing food.
I wanted my own adonis market in my backyard where i could dine on fresh food anytime i wanted.
Any visit future visits to montreal will earn a visit to this fine mega market full of epicurean delights.
Légumes  et fruits bio, pâtisseries, cupcakes, brochettes maison.
Like others living in downtown-midtown phoenix, i am attracted to this whole foods like a moth to a lightbulb.
They can't be beat value-wise and the food is almost always good and high quality.
The food was delicious.
They have organic fruits and vegetables.
If you are looking for "healthy" junk food this is the place.
All the salads and prepped food looked great.
They have a lot of prepared foods as well as the standard grocery items.
If you are looking for quality food at a reasonable price go to trader joe's.
The fruit is all organic and they do not charge an arm and a leg for it.
One of the most anticipated food stores in this area did not disappoint.
The variety of fresh, cooked and packaged foods is astounding.
They have many spices and food options from all over the world.
They also offer so a great variety of international vegetables that are hard to find.
My to go place for mexican delicious ingridients.
Why the low reviews people.... also it is not a marketplace just a frys food.
I like their deli, always fresh.
Love all pre cooked food it's just so expensive!
This place is definitely a place full of foods of many nations!
Nations also has a take out section where they serve a range of hot chinese food.
You can shop at whole foods for all your groceries (unlike trader joe's).
Great food for appetizers, dinner, and desert.
It is not the flashiest item on the menu, but it is delicious and well worth it.
Went and got some delicious boba today.
They also make fresh food (sandwiches, burgers, etc.)
The food is incredible!
They have an extensive selection of foods from virtually every asian country.
It is the place to go if your looking for good quality food as well as great choice.
This one has a tim horton's inside along with some other fresh food areas to get a meal onsite.
Really excellent food at very reasonable prices.
They have a creative menu and food you can rave about.
Decent selection of produce, things aren't always in stock but there's always some fresh veggies and fruit.
The food selection is fairly limited and priced higher than superstore.
They had limited frozen foods, expensive cereals and a basically non-existent ethnic food section.
That being said, their deli, bakery and fresh fruits and veg section is stupendous.
And the deli and cheese selections are pretty good and diverse considering their size.
[again, that's just me]  i was delighted the with house vinaigrette, just enough for the mixed greens.
All together it was delightful and i will gladly visit again.
I like the fact that they have  organic food and at great prices .
Ah.. nothing like the joy of serendipitously discovering good new food joints!
I get all my super foods here, beets, kale, etc...
I spent 45 minutes wandering around and shopping yesterday and had a great experience finding awesome food for reasonable prices.
I didn't find the food itself to be anything special.
Some of the fruits and produce looked great, others not so much.
Love that any cashier can cash you out even from deli section!
They have a big big freezer room where they store all meats, fruits and cheese.
Giant eagle became the death of me with close to $100 dollars for generic food items i regularly use.
If you need basics like chicken, fish, meat, eggs, dairy, and some fruit/veggies then i would check aldi's out.
Excellent service and even better food.
Kim's features korean and japanese food, but also has other asian food staples.
Unique foods and spirits.
I love that they have samples for food and wines.
I prefer tj's over whole foods...customer service is wonderful!
And i feel like the prices are a little more reasonable than whole foods.
There are beautiful fresh made breads and pastries, and delicious cakes and cookies.
Each more delicious than the next.
If you want, you can grab fruit or vegetables from the produce section.
The lasagna was delicious but the meatballs were out of this world.
The pizza was delicious, the sandwich was okay.
I most likely will be back for some awesome cooked food.
The next thing i saw were their frozen foods that they make themselves.
I've yet to try it but my boyfriend made his yesterday and said it was delicious!
I'd say their biggest winner is all the pre-made food that they make ready to cook.
Super friendly every time we go love the fresh fruits great products!
This little deli/ grocery store is a total hidden gem.
Deli has good selection and the counter help is a+.
It's like a whole foods or wegmans for the latino market with the old school grocery store vibe.
All the food was hot and fresh, but nothing outstanding.
I demand grotesquely cheap food with quirky engrish packaging that will outlast a nuclear winter.
And for such fare there is no better destination than lam's seafood.
The air smells of strange fruit and fish still alive in their tanks.
The aisles are packed with food you've never even thought of eating, like prawn-flavored chips and chocolate-stuffed eggrolls.
Before you know it, you'll have the upper hand in cheap, delicious asian finds.
There are several reasons why i am a fan of winco foods.
Good quality deli meats (sliced when ordered),  5.
Very restaurant market items but so far we have really enjoyed the food.
The fresh vegetables alone make shopping there a must.
It's basically the ethnic food mecca with everything from chinese fixins to argentinian flavors.
I'll definitely be back for all of my ethnic food need at dirt cheap prices.
I love their organic selections and i think that they are much cheaper than whole foods.
Plethora of hot and cold food, clean sushi, beer, hot food, great salad bar, bakery, etc.
Are all located within the prepard food wing.
It can be a place to eat when on a budget, or you can pile food up and pay more.
I was so happy when i went to whole foods today.
I get to whole foods and they had the short ribs!
I walked down to gallucci's at lunch and stepped into an italian food wonderland.
The pepperoni roll for about $3 was large and delicious.
Plaza midwood isn't quite a food desert, but a shop like this certainly helps.
They are always interested in telling you stories, hearing your stories, and telling you which foods they like.
No weird smell in the meat / seafood dept like some grocery stores, either!
From filipino food to indian, coast to coast.
Sprouts has the best selection in produce out of any of the chain food stores in the area.
Food quality is high.
This place is the mecca for foodies based in toronto.
Go to a japanese department's food emporium.
Lots and lots of food!
We made our own fruit bowl to share.
Despite how big this place and how much food they have to produce each day, all the fruits were fresh!
I simply love the wine selection cheese in the deli with boar's head products.
Fantastic frozen selection including great indian breads and hard-to-find frozen vegetables like purple yam and molokhiya.
I love this publix , they always have a grate and fresh selection of food .
I stopped in, grabbed a big bag of chips, and went to the deli for a sandwich.
The bread was fresh and the meat, although the processed deli kind, tasted like fresh turkey.
Fantastic frozen foods, my current obsession being "polenta with spinach and carrots".
Great place to stock up on party foods, what with the holidays rapidly approaching.
Crackers, salami, nuts, dried fruit, cheeses, sparkling apple cider, beer, wine champagne, etc.
Food is nothing fun, but maybe too much fun-food temptation is not good.
I love this place for its food court.
I love the variety of fresh fruit juices, the cheap and tasty tacos, and the bag of fresh tortillas!
There is a huge wine shop and really good quality prepared food.
The bulk food isles have a large selection of items!
Check out the cheese samples, and hot food and coffee in the back.
I must say it was very delicious!
I was amazed to find cheap coconuts and i also couldn't leave without buying some dragon fruits.
As other reviewers have mentioned, aldi's is heavy on the pre-processed food - lots of salty/sugary snack foods.
So buy your pre-packaged salads and fresh fruit/veggies elsewhere.
Sandwiches are delicious and ingredients are fresh.
Whole foods is the bomb digity!
Thanks whole foods for being the bomb.
Not all businesses like delivery.
Awesome fruits and veggies at a great deal!
Great selection of organic and ethnic foods.
Wow this is such a beautiful whole foods location.
They were expensive, but less expensive than whole foods, or even the butcher.
Though quite small, they house quite a bit of fresh produce, canned and dried goods, and frozen food.
Sometimes they even have random seafood products like littleneck clams or blue crab.
The hot bar was excellent - the food was fresh and tasty.
Great selection across all food categories.
I would give 5 stars but some times this place fails in the hot deli department.
I am impressed to state - they politely gave rainchecks for hot food.
Meat and seafood selection is average at best.
Bottom line: come to sunflower market if you want affordable, healthy, natural foods.
I love how it organizes it's food by country of origin.
I'll just move onto batshit insane asian snackfoods.
They have a good selection of organic food options as well!
Food is fresh, delicious, and authentic.
And what's even better is they deliver--which is speedy and also free.
This used to be an office depot - but i'm glad it changed to a nice little food store.
There's a variety of organic vegetables and fruits which is a must for me.
I love their chips here, healthy and delicious!
To me it's delicious, but that's my opinion.
I love this place, one of the best places to try new delicious snacks.
Got my usual favorites - japanese rice crackers, dried fruits and trail mix.
New delicious find: french macarons in refrigerator section.
Also, you can get some fresh foods like kimchi or bulgogi or kimbap.
I they have everything, and i mean everything... any kind of food, you name it and they have it, somewhere.
Food court is very good!
They have all sorts of foods from italian, to bakery stuff , their cupcakes are phenomenal!
If you love mexican food you gotta come here.
And the market has the lowest prices for vegetables.
The food section is priced very well and is pretty good.
Like everyone mentioned below, this place is for those healthy local foodies.
I love the prices and quality of fresh vegetables they have and asian sauces they carry.
I also really liked the selection of fresh ready-made foods at the counter.
Awesome cheese selection and prepared foods.
Deli has decent variety of cheese and ham but also smoked mackerel.
There is a reasonable selection of pre-made and partially pre-made food items here.
Cost of fine for fruit removal not included.
This store offers some very unique food choices to spice up any household's conventional kitchen creations.
The seafood and game meats are very high quality.
It cannot be denied that this is a very fun place to do some food shopping.
In the us i'd compare it to whole foods.
Great selection of meat, fruit and vegetables.
Lori at the deli is always so pleasant and friendly.
They don't carry much in terms of processed junk food, which i don't think is a bad thing at all.
Is it wrong that i go to a health food store for candy and cookies?
The food was wonderful, the server was on top of her game and the atmosphere was soft and romantic!
I don't think i have ever been in a place that had so many foods and stations!
Had lunch there as well--food was delicious!!
A must for all of you foodies out there...
But for some reason i just get the food 4 less vibe from it cuz its warehouse appeal.
Fresh and delicious fruits and veggies!
Such a great place to buy bulk foods for home or a restaurant!
Unless you are going for the prepared foods.
The wet cat food selection was slim and they didn't even carry the friskies concoctions line which my cat loves.
I had heard this from local friends who swear by this place for their select food items.
Trader joe's is like the happy medium between mothers, whole foods and smith's.
They have a wide selection of food but limited at the same time.
I have enjoyed their hot foods like their pizza and pasta: good quality and pretty cheap.
The deli counter serves up burek and gibanica that tasted like it was straight out of a belgrade cafe.
They have a large deli counter, bakery, produce, and a wide selection of already prepared foods available.
To top it off, they have the delicious food at great prices!
The food section is great.
Besides the pillows, candles, food, etc, one of the other great finds here are the stocking suffers.
The foods seem to be super fresh quality when thawed out.
Unbelievable deli extravaganza with a plethora of fresh juices, breakfast burritos (what we came in for) and much more.
All the deliciousness i've come to expect from tjs.
We buy pre-packaged food and beverage only as we do not trust their fish, meat, or veggies.
It is definitely a lot cheaper buying the honey this way & more delicious in its raw form.
The deli section is yet another highlight of winco.
The coldcuts here are brilliant & taste fresh & delicious!
Also, the rotisserie chickens are delicious & big & very reasonably priced & come in different flavors.
Farm fresh fruits and vegetables right around the corner.
A large hispanic supermarket with extensive produce, meats, fish and frozen and dry foods with fresh bakery.
Pretty good seafood selection.
The oyster and squid are delicious.
I appreciated the convenience of the location to pick up some food and bottled waters for my hotel.
Nice selection of local made foods.
Yummy baked goods and delicious soups and sandwiches.
Good sea food selection.
People in the deli are always a delight.
This whole foods has an excellent selection.
It is a newer whole foods.
The produce was super cheap and the seafood department looked interesting.
Not really into the bulk foods, but for food preppers it must be heaven.
I have tried 3 of the recipes and they were delicious.
The sale areas are generally located on the ends of the freestanding displays, closer to the deli side.
The setting is gorgeous with the round rotunda and colourful products and fresh food displayed around.
They have take-out food too.
The shelf's are all stocked with different culture foods.
In the sea food section they had live catfish, lobster, crabs, and other selections as well as dead fresh fish.
Fruit is always supper fresh.
I love the selection of ready made food at this place.
Milk by the single gallon is cheapest here compared to food4less, albertsons, or vons/smiths.
I love the frozen foods....great fish and veggie dishes that are different and so delicious.
The quality of their food is the best & i'm always surprised at how low their prices are.
It is delicious and decadent.
What interesting foods are you having over labor day weekend?
*i'd give another star if the taqueros weren't handling money and food with the same glove-less hands...
The owner is lovely, and the menu is pretty basic/english/delicious.
For brunch, it's cozy, it's comfy food, and it can get pretty full.
It's mostly ready to eat  take out  & deli stuff but oh my god the quality is fantastic.
It reminds me of whole foods, so many amazing options, well organized and so appetizing.
I would come back for the food here if given the opportunity.
Good produce, great cheeses, cheap wine, lots of prepared foods, and fresh breads.
Wow this is the best bar food i have ever had!
It's fresh and delicious, not greasy.
I like that i can buy live seafood here.
The asian package groceries, from soy sauce to rice to junk food, however, are more expensive than chinese grocery stores.
They have an excellent deli counter, pre-packaged foods and specialty cheeses and canned goods.
I love this store for produce, fish and specialty foods (cheese, gourmet treats, etc).
This review is mainly based on their hot-food takeout counter and their bakery goods.
Well food for less that was about a mile up the street closed in january.
It offers really tasty food, both ready to eat and also a good array of groceries.
Casual atmosphere and fresh food make for a great place to relax any day if the week.
Never in my life have i purchased quality food this cheap.
I love the salad bar, the hot food bar, the wine selection, and everything in between.
It's clean, bright and offers a nice selection of food.
I don't mess around with the deli or bakery here.
They have great deals on fruits and vegetables.
This grocery store is a foodie's dream!!!
A deli with someone smiling behind the counter.
And one last thing: a quick breakdown of southeast henderson food shopping options goes like this.
Whole foods - use for premium meat, supplements, chemical free soaps, etc.
Deli is hit or miss.
They have all kind of dairies, condiments, seafood, poultry, veggies, oils, meats, etc.
My husband is a pro with the grill so the tacos were delicious!!
This is what food is supposed to be.
If you are sick of greasy comfort food and you want to treat your body right, eat here.
I personally enjoy tasting the freebies in the back of the store so i can find new, delicious grocery eats.
The produce is usually inexpensive so i sometimes go out of my way to buy my fruit and salad here.
Bar none, the best tacos i have had (i am a well traveled foodie).
There is a bakery featuring pastries, breads, and sweets which we have never heard of before but look so delicious.
They have a variety of fresh veggies and fruits.
A complete line of grocery items, a few nice inexpensive wines, prepared food and sandwiches.
This is definitely the real deal, and they are delicious.
There is also some seating on the same level as the food, closer to the doors to the outside.
They really have everything a food eating consumer could want.
This is a great resource for all korean food lovers.
The food is made with care and food old fashioned fresh ingredients.
The customer service is wonderful and the fresh food is the best!
It has everything i need as well as a deli section.
Great prepared foods and lively energy.
The deli area of the store has a dining area to eat at.
I am very glad for smith's providing an area to enjoy a healthy meal rather than eating unhealthy fast food.
And it is only $7.99 for all that food.
Everything is so fresh and they carry so many different kinds of fruits and vegetables you wouldn't find elsewhere.
Otherwise, its an awesome place to shop for food and wellness items!
So of course i had to buy and try!it was delicious -a much healthier version of pina colada.
The deli is amazing!
Need a hot foods counter (roasted chickens, soup, etc).
I also quite  fond of the food, especially breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Peanut butter, chocolate pretzels are my favorite, and all the dried fruits are great for the kids.
Okay the service is still slow but there are foodie treasures in this place.
The lower level has prepared food, desserts, sushi, a deli, fresh fish station and more.
I had her use their marinade and it was delicious.
Absolutely delish taco stand out front...
I love the food inside too!
Very good, food was delicious and the waitstaff was very nice and helpful.
Food is great here and the entire staff is nice.
Great selection of latin foods including chorizo, salsa and hot sauce.
Carry boars head products in addition to several more specialized brands (names sound like they specialize in european deli meats.
The selection of vegetables is very good compared to the other grocery stores around town.
It could be interesting fruit, seafood, packaged goodies, etc.
Kids called dibs on the fruit , who can resist fresh strawberries?
Stuff looks like i just went to aj's and i was expecting food city !
But what i love about this place is the deli section and boar's head!
In particular the young blonde gal that works the deli counter is super nice and patient.
I almost fell down as i spent half of going to walmart or whole foods!!
Ils ont également un rayon de fruits et légumes très important avec de nombreux spéciaux!
We just had lunch so did not try any of the fresh foods, but they looked good.
I would compare farm boy to a whole foods more than any other store, minus the ridiculous prices on everything.
One of the best places to do grocery shopping at plus cooked food, salads, baked goods.
Large selection of fresh meats, poultry and  i like their limited but great price seafood section.
Their deli has great cuts, and the fried chicken is the best.
Whole foods) of that sort near me to compare it to though.
When you go to the other side of the olive bar they often have yummy samples of delicious cheese.
One of my favorite market to visit for high quality items & their brunch food menu.
This is where i buy stollen (fruit bread) every season.
The food & coffee are well made & just the right amount of seasoning.
Such a large selection of beautiful fruits and veggies.
This place is always stocked with great looking fruits and veggies.
Going down the right side is a seafood room with tanks of fresh fish.
Thanks whole food to bring food , produce that are labeled and certified humanely raised .
It reminds me of a high-end urban grocery store like eataly or foodlife in chicago, but less expensive.
The sushi in the prepared foods area is unbelievably delicious!
Also, there salad bar is great with different types of quinoa and healthy vegetables salads.
Delicious ready to consume or grocery type items at a good cost and quality.
Nations is my new favourite everything food shop.
I walked in and felt like i had disappeared into a land of magical food, where anything was possible!
Really, they were the freshest most delicious strawberries i've had in a long time.
This place is great to.found fresh sweet and food on the go.
You can find veggie and fruit, anything's like to supermarket.
The guacamole is fresh and delicious.
So far i've been hitting it up mostly for lunch breaks (prepared food/salad bar and sushi stand).
Tehran supermarket is a persian supermarket with a food vendor inside.
I'm reviewing the food vendor.
I love persian food!
There's something about their rice that's so delicious.
Food:  they have food, deli, quick food for lunch that's already cooked.
Great little spot, they have little sitting area where you can enjoy their delicatessen.
The breads provided by the co-op are delicious.
Beautiful produce and delicious pre cooked chicken.
Produce consisted of sweet potatoes, tomatoes, celery, romaine lettuce, collards, grapefruit, avocados, apples, bananas and onions.
Great food and service.
Really like the selection of specialty foods offered.
Got ourselves some ice cream cones to go and they were delicious!
Fresh fruit, veggies, and a variety of breads and specialty items make this a great place to visit.
Bakery, deli, tortilla factory, cheeses, meats, seafood, veggies, spices and candy.
No about to go sour fruit here!
I like the fact that the food doesn't have preservatives, hfcs, and all that other crap in it.
Imagine.. a grocery store with real food!
Great food and service.
They offer a whose selection of freshly made food, freshly squeezed juices and lots lots of baked in store items.
They have a selection of exotic fruits and spices that you can't find easily everywhere.
The patisserie section offers a wide range of delicatessens freshly made.
We picked up some baklavas and turkish delights to enjoy back at the hotel.
I love the food selections.
I mean, what's not to love - low prices, huge selection of organic foods and nice people.
Everything from cheese to deli meats to prepared foods and cleaning supplies.
They have a nice selection of fruits and veggies too.
This is also where i enjoy coming to get a quick mexican food fix.
This is my second time at this whole foods and i would say this place is awesome.
Always stocked with the tastiest foods ever.
Yes, the food selection was fresh and amazing!
The lamb and sea bass were super fresh and delicious with just salt and pepper as well.
It completely resembles a food 4 less regarding it's layout.
They are efficient, and the food is great.
I haven't tried the ice cream but i'm sure it's delicious.
You can get fresh vegetables, fruits, meats, bakery, and cheese among other things.
I guess the biggest thing here, though, is the food.
Whole foods has the best mac and cheese hand down.
Wish i had a whole foods closer to me.
For those of you from cali and not near a winco, this is just like food for less.
For mexican food supplies, can't beat it!!
Typically, i go to phoenix ranch market to pick up mexican foods.
The prepared food in the cafeteria is enticing, but i have not had the chance to eat any yet.
Brand new store everything is so nice and the deli is awesome sandwiches and rice bowls
They have various stations, one for baked desserts, one for deli, prepared foods, salads, and many, many more!!!
The quality of the food is remarkably fresh too, made right there in front of you!!
So bring your laptops, tablets, or smartphone, grab a coffee and some fresh food, and simply sit back and relax!
Despite what you may think about baked wings, the food here was delicious.
The baked chips were delicious.
What was super delicious though was the hog wings.
I'm excited to finally have an option for healthy and cheap food that is close to my house.
The food is always very good, as is the service.
Great taco selection and they are all delicious.
Love this new whole foods!
It definitely meets the standard that you expect when walking into a whole foods.
The asain pears are always huge and delicious.
I took off a stare because the flavours in the little deli are inconsistent.
I normally don't get pre-made food cause it's pricey but when you have a whole $20 to spend, why not.
Threw them in the oven at home and they were delicious.
There's also ready to eat food a la whole foods style.
Is anything more expensive than whole foods?
So all tjs packaged foods are "the healthy version."
Decent parking available, & place to sit and eat your get-go food inside.
After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us.
Another lovely, cheap seafood meal.
For a dinner that came to about $8/person before tax, that was a lot of food.
I also got a mango juice from the drink section right across from the prepared food section.
Adonis is now one of my favorite places to get a seafood meal.
I also like that the have chinese bakery items delivered in from chicago.
And since it is a food i eat every day that does not make me happy!
Praise the lord and pass the food!
Many items are rarely in stock and fruits and vegetables rot on the shelves attracting flies.
(though, i typically come for frozen foods and snacks.)
I wish they had more choices on vegetables though.
This is our go to place for korean food.
Better selection than lee lees, mekong, cofco if you want korean food.
We also like the selection of frozen seafood.
Other than the food...i will add that the parking is great.
Love the fruit here.
The food is great, always fresh and good to eat.
They have everything from their own deli to custom made items like clam chowder and even their own pizza!
Mostly for fruit and vegetables though :p. i guess their lunch meat is a good plus also.
In comparison, i estimate i would have spent about $150 for all that food at a competing grocery store.
The deli staff are very nice and professional.
Hy-vee still my favorite food stop but metro a good 2nd.
The best gluten free pretzels they have, yes, and some other delicious snacks.
All the vegetables are plastic wrapped or in a plastic container, which i don't care for.
Great produce and cooked food, but the other items are comparable to other grocery stores.
We heard that food city had good produce.
I left hubby to finish purchasing groceries to take a look at the cooked food at dos ranchitos.
Fresh to go food is always tasty!
The deli is always well stocked with high quality sandwich meats and great cheese options.
The rosemary garlic flavor is delightful.
I love the dried fruits and nuts...pineapples and apples.
The food is as great as british food could possibly be.
This area is huge, basically anything you want, including fruits i never knew existed like buddah's hands.
Also, fresh vegetables, root, and leafy greens.
I can even pick up a little black truffle for risotto or shaving over savory pancakes with grilled vegetables.
Huge meat and seafood section, lamb, rattlesnake, venison, elk, pork, fowl, aged beef, and a whole ocean of seafood.
Charcuterie, delicious cured, dried, and smoked meats from all four corners of the land.
All you foodies need to see this market district!
If i ever want a unique and delicious sausage- this is where i go.
Their selection changes often, but is always unique and delicious.
The thanksgiving one was insanely delicious, the asian one was as well.
The pomegranate peach bellini was light, refreshing and delicious.
I don't know how you could not like whole foods.
Health conscious and seasonal foods for the entire family!
I've gotten the pancake mix, ice cream, and macaroons and boy let me tell you they are all delicious!!
Anything middle eastern food u can think of they have it.
They also have a mini resto/bistro where u can eat hot made food.
They deliver on sunday which is uber-convenient.
The delivery man called before arrival, was courteous, and on time.
My favorite is when they have the boxes of rambutan and other asian fruits.
Fresh deliveries thursday evening and friday, least i heard.
It's a grocery store with a food court that serves fresh mexican food.
My family went to the food court and we ordered our dinners.
Afterward, we went through the market buying fruits and drinks.
Meats, fish, deli, bakery, and salad bar are all good.
Lots of yummy, fresh food, $.98 produce packs, and ground beef $1.99/lb.
The produce here is very inexpensive, and much fresher than what you could ever find at food city.
This is the best place to stock up on everything your kitchen needs to make traditional mexican food.
They make an amazing fruit tray which we order for every family function.
I have a very strict diet i have to stick with due to a few food allergies and intolerance's.
Their prices are a good bit cheaper overall then whole foods but the selection is not as big.
I absolutely love trader joe's, i usually don't care for freezer foods but this is an exception.
All your comfort-food favourites you thought you had to give up when you became vegan.
I shop here several x a month and must say their neat seafood fresh fishes are all excellent!
End of day has big discounts on plates/hot food/kimbap near checkout.
They also have what appears to be a pretty decent deli counter with the usuals (potato salads, sliced meats, etc.).
I've been here before with my husband and everything we've tried so far has been delicious.
The grocery selection is great for those avoiding gluten, looking for fresh and organic foods.
(i wish they delivered.)
Moved some interior walls, adding wall freezer units, will be expanding frozen food selection, plus other new stock.
For the price of their food specials, i sometimes ask myself if i should even bother cooking.
There's a high turnover rate during the busy lunch and dinner periods so the food is usually fresh.
And wow, congratulations players, because you've delivered cleveland's first actually good burger.
Homemade marinara soaked into the crunchy bread and made each bite delish.
This place has such a good selection of different kinds of foods !
Produce and fruit is excellent, and their meat alternatives and vegan stuff is pretty good too!
They have amazingly inexpensive spices and coffee there, and even bulk pet food!
My husband likes the sushi made on premises and my son loves their deli food.
Trader joes always has reasonable prices and a wide selection of health conscious food choices.
The international foods, the furniture, and oh... the candy.
Wonderful foods prepared, wine and beer area, grocery store.
My foodie husband loved it.
Great place to buy something unique and special things for friends who are super picky and foodie.
Great food, great service!
-1 star, the service at the food counters can be a little dawdling.
Just go to the deli and cheese section
They have an amazing prepares foods section.
Whenever i stop in i usually always grab some empanadas from the deli case.
Great quality fruits and veggies.
Plus, they sell boars head lunch meats at the deli (my favorite).
The website may look a little dated, but try the food people!!
They are so happy and so knowledgeable and passionate about the food/restaurant.
Chandler area, and because they have many familiar, "safe" foods choices along with the soy milk and organic collard greens.
But the single biggest reason i love sprouts is the bulk foods section.
Sometimes there is even live music in the fresh food section.
The rotunda portion houses the deli, meats, and numerous premade and fresh-made food options.
Traditional dry goods and freezer foods are in a connected space next to the rotunda area.
I have now been to all three whole foods that are each about 1/2 hour drive from home.
Useful, cheap non-food items in front; usually relating to nearest holiday.
Also, more non foods in the back left, in front of freezer section.
Great bulk food section (especially candy).
You can find all your korean food stuff here.
It is actual restaurant quality food and products open to the general public.
The fruit and vegetable prices are amazing.
A-mart focuses on food from a diverse number of east asian countries.
If you are looking for a large variety of seafood, they have it.
I would definitely give them 5 stars but the fruit and produce quality is not what it used to be.
We actually stopped purchasing our fruit from here.
They've got a good selection of canned, frozen, dried, and fresh chinese, korean, thai, and vietnamese foodstuffs.
The fruits and vegetables are always fresh and they have a great selection of premade desserts.
They have a starbucks, asian bar daily, bakery, deli, great organic selection, it's great!!!!!!!
Always come here for my son's necessities: milk, fruits, snacks, etc.
Their fruits are always fresh and price is decent.
I took my food to take away.
Simple american food, fairly well done.
They have a decent amount of stuff here and plenty of chocolate and frozen foods.
We always go to the seafood/meat department & they are always accommodating.
Love the bulk food section.....m&m's, raw almonds, you name it......and at decent prices too.
Fish and seafood guy was knowledgeable and friendly.
Is she going to eat a table full of fried food?
Really inexpensive produce, delicious freshly baked tortillas, amazing fresh juices, just like in south america!
My favorite are the cheese selection, meat counter and the mini food bar.
I think the food bar have the best fried chicken in cleveland area.
In the back of the store they have a nice seafood section where you can buy whole fish like tilapia.
They always tend to carry unique vegetables needed for mexican meals.
Now the food court has some great food.
And tables and tvs and foods and happy hour!
Welcome to the hood, whole foods.
Last but not least, they regularly serve samples of their own f&e branded foods and beverages.
And rows and rows of frozen seafood and other treats.
Small supermarkets usually make me suspicious that they're going to be expensive and only have convenience food.
I'm sorry, food basics, it just isn't working out.
I'm giving this store and deli aa coming from with a top chef rolando
), hard-to-find south indian specialties, and, best of all in my opinion, some excellent frozen packaged foods.
The aisles are well organized and the food is very appealing.
I will definitely be coming here a lot and would love to try their hot food soon.
Throughout the years, nothing has really changed about el grande taquito, especially the food.
Be prepared to order your food in spanish, no one here really speaks english that well.
Nonetheless, we stopped in when we saw the sign for food and figured what the hell.
All of the food tastes so vibrant, fresh and just outright delicious.
I had the breakfast sandwich which was delicious and included house made sausage and fresh sourdough bread.
Bring your own shopping bags like some whole foods or trader joe's hippy, or just use the cardboard boxes provided.
Weekly visits are a must as seasonal non-food items roll in & out like crazy.
As a final note the spice i chose for our favors, tuscany seasoning, is delicious!
Their frozen foods are the biz!!!
This is one of the best food stores in town.
Their oysters and food are unbelievable!!!!!
Very impressed with the quality of the food, helpfulness of the workers.
I get a lot of salad ingredients and a lot of my fruit from here.
Whole foods is a wonderland of great wholesome food...but far too expensive.
They even have sections that included hawaiian and middle-eastern specialities in addition to indian/pakastani foods.
I love how convenient it is to go in an out, fresh food options and quick/helpful pharmacy.
Most days they have free food/beverage sampling along with planned events a weekend or two each month.
Shout out to ryan in the deli!!!!
The house cured rosemary ham was sublime and the fresh mozzarella was a dense, creamy delight.
In addition to regular grocery items they have wonderful bakery and deli sections.
Overall i'm quite pleased with everything from the service to the quality of food.
We relocated to california and surely miss this whole foods location.
Nice fruits, great meats.
They had a good selection of fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
Lots of choices in the prepared food section as well, sandwiches, pizza, chicken.
I absolutely love their food.
I love that the owner grows most of the food, does the cooking and also serves the food!
This is a real foodie find.
I'm one of those weird people who love going to supermarkets just to look at stuff (food, décor, layout, etc.).
I also actively seek out new and unusual foods or recipes.
Fresh produce, deli, soups, sandwiches, and other pantry items at reasonable prices.
Delicious food made in-house.
Shelves are almost always well-stocked, checkout is fast, and there are a lot of useful non-food items.
I'm not sure what else you can really ask for in a mexican food store.
They have a wide selection of pre-made food.
Also the hot food selection looked tasty but was small.
And i went into whole foods with my husband and toddler.
*snorts heartily*   oh,  and remember those whoopie pies i bought at this veritable mecca of health food???
Bravo, whole foods, it appears we are not so dissimilar after all!
Their prices are moderate, and they deliver fresh, yummy food!
The people that work here are delight as well, always friendly and helpful.
Cool architecture but the smallest store i've ever seen whole foods put forth.
Local honey was well done, my true test of whole foods doing as they preach!
You  can get a lot of canned foods from many country, especially from asia.
The expiry date for the discounted foods is still long.
So, you don't need to worry about the quality of the foods you bought.
Lots of delicious foods at a great price.
Service; server was nice, food delivery was a bit slow.
Food; always what expected, yum.
I'll go after classes to get food from their hot bar or pre made sandwiches for lunch the next day.
Their sushi is incredibly, and not to mention the massive selection of food they have.
I was impressed by the prepared food area, bakery and cheese wall!!
The quality of the food looked great too!
The fruits and the meat section looked amazing.
But the food looked good.
Can't wait for the remodeling to be already done!
I've been participating for about 5 months now and i have found myself spending less money than ever on food.
When you walk in, the left side is the produce/fruits section while the left side are processed meats/health conscious drinks.
I was skeptical because the patties looked exactly like the frozen ones, but it was delicious.
They also had loaves of bread and spice bun which looked and smelled delicious!
I like its korean food there (rice cake, instant noodle, and so on).
And they have a ton of meat/seafood.
A little pricey but the food is great!
There's a small food court that includes a starbucks, a bar and a few other places.
There's also a gelato counter in the back- i've never gotten any but it looks delicious.
I really enjoy their selection of quality lunch meats and cheeses in the deli too.
I have also tried several of their prepared soups and hot foods which are like tasty home-cooked comfort food.
The food is awesome... really delicious and cooked over coals...
Looking up every code for each vegetable, one at a time.
Think of a super g dedicated to mexican/latino/hispanic/central & south american foods with some other flavors thrown in.
I didn't spend much time in the vegetables section but they have fresh juices located just outside the fruit area.
I have no idea what i'm doing as far as indian food goes.
This was my first visit to lowes foods in a very, very long time.
Pittsburgh finally has a whole foods worthy of the phrase "city of champions"!
I had heard that this whole foods had finally opened about being under construction for what seemed like several years.
There's a starbucks, a great selection of prepared foods and helpful staff.
This is the best place to shop for middle eastern /asian/indian and pakistani food.
I love that they carry brands that big grocery stores don't have when it comes to health food.
Food came out within 7-10 minutes after, so not long to wait at all.
Delicious light snack to keep at work!
I basically eat healthy but i am not the type to stress about all my food being organic.
Cost plus has a great selection of household goods, furniture, and food, all from various parts of the world.
It's kind of like a more global, upscale version of target here, with more hand crafted items and artisan foods.
I've had a lot of the products from o'mari, and every single time i find it's absolutely delicious!
Served on a delicious sub bread versus the usual pita bread.
They have some unique products that i have not seen in sprouts or whole foods.
This review is limited to their delicious brunch.
The food is nothing fancy but does an excellent job of making quality delicious breakfast entrees.
It's like a whole foods make-over of sorts!!
This place started as a grocery selling locally sourced food.
They added a food prep kitchen and small eating area in the back (the café part).
This is a secret oasis in a dessert of processed food.
I love that it has bulk foods, prepper foods, butter making machines.
I would really like to come back and try the deli meats too.
We got so many compliments on that cake and it was delicious too.
Lower cost on organic food than whole-foods and  always fresh.
Always something delicious and new to try!
The food is fresh, and they carry a few special items like candies and gums i've never seen before.
They also serve hot foods.
All their food is baked and not missing any flavor at all.
This grocery store has your typical asian foods along with an awesome food court to go with it.
The food court has vietnamese food you can order fresh along with dim sum and typical chinese combos.
There is plenty of seating and selection of foods.
Great place for gourmet and specialty food.
I only wish i would have made it in time to enjoy the cafe food which closed at 3pm.
Love whole foods and shop here often.
This place is better than food city.
After the wedding, i had multiple guests tell me it was the best food they'd ever had at a wedding.
Love it minute maid fruit punch light over ice gheaaaa
Usually i am a hands down whole foods person, but this place makes me rethink everything ha ha.
The salad bar and hot food bar are wonderful and they have several soups available each day.
I found the price point of the food that was here to be surprisingly good.
The adults like the yogurt covered fruit.
Next, all kinds of snacks:  mini chocolate chip cookies, ginger snaps, lemon crisps, english toffee, dried fruit, etc.
Once you hit the bulk food area that is what took the most time for me.
A small but well stocked epicurean food and book store.
From hot bar salad bar,  pizza, sandwiches, sushi, chinese food and much more.
Great alternative to fast food.
They take boring food and give it a modern twist, make it fun.
This specialty food store in the shops of don mills is quite nice for finding esoteric and high quality ingredients.
Eg jones and mash sodas, and my favorite coconut popsicles from chunk o' fruit etc.
All the produce,meats and seafood were fresh and high quality.
1st time here had the country boy breakfast  it was delicious!
They have a great meat and seafood counter, and there's a large variety of deli meats and cheeses as well.
Also a fan of the fresh-squeezed orange and grapefruit juices and their house smoked salmon.
Seafood/butcher - well haven't had the greatest experiences here.
Produce section - fruits & vegetables are fresh and readily available and stocked.
I love their selection of apples & fruit - so many options.
You are getting whole foods/harris teeter quality for prices less than walmart.
The food is well priced, delivered promptly (through a service) and it's ah-mazing!
I can't say enough about the catered food from here, it's out of this world!
At more reasonable price thatn whole foods.
The coolest dudes are the deli guys but some of them actually come off as douchebags.
Their frozen pizza doughs are an incredible deal and make delicious dinners.
Our slice was huge and just absolutely delicious.
I love the vietnamese foods they serve here.
I know the food in nourishing and filling.
Very  nice people and the food was delish.
Have been staying away from whole foods because we did not like that they moved in on trader joe's territory.
However, we went to get a few things that joe's does not carry and discovered their prepared food "cafe" area.
The fresh foods/cafe section set up in the rotunda (oh, that ceiling!)
Here it's mostly moms with kids, and younger single peeps getting foods and nonfoods.
They have a decent produce department, with no little gnats, and no spilled pyramids of fruit rollaways.
Bakery section is fresh and delicious, and cheaper than many other stores on many items.
I think they mostly emphasize chinese ethnic food.
I am always happy with tj's prices and quality of the foods and condition of the produce.
It's all about the bulk foods!!!!!
There really have an amazing selection of everything fruit and veggies that you need and more.
No longer would i fall victim to pre packaged deli meat pumped full of water and full of sodium.
It has a little bit off all kind of asian foods.. not just strictly a korean store.
The deli counter is fantastic.
There is also a hot food plate which is teeming with various strombolis, pizzas, wings and appetizers.
Beyond the wonderful prepared food and produce, the staff is out of this world.
Fresh fruits and veggies in the produce department, the bakery baked the best pastries.
Good food and - thanks to the lcbo upstairs - good drink.
The grill specials are also delicious and very clean and healthy.
I feel like i know what i'm getting in my food...very healthy!
The food is good and consistent and the spicy potato chips are awesome.
Please open a store on the west side of town however h i have bought fruit and veggies.
There a sub and sushi bar, salad bar and deli options.
The 5 stars i am giving go solely to their deli/meat department.
I have worked food service and respect being busy but it's a smoothie stand with no line and two workers.
I just want to say the food is truly amazing here and it's authentic.
It's very hearty, delicious, rich and filling.
Staff so friendly, food looked so fresh and the cheeses were calling my name from the deli counter.
They have bulk foods, produce, a deli, specialty foods, etc.
Why i like whole foods it's because it has everything related to healthy and trendy diets and all the supplements
And the produce section has all kinds of fruits and veggies that standard grocery stores just don't carry.
This is a #ramen review of the #genjiramen inside of the whole foods market.
Like everything in whole foods, all allergens are clearly published and carefully handled.
The food is always delicious i'm in love with their french toast and also the bacon.
Although it is very small, you can find a lot of delicious treasures i would have found back in la.
Seafood, meats, cheeses, beers, hot and cold buffet, food court, and oh, don't forget the bakery!
The snacks that they have above the frozen food section is dangerous.
For $16 ($1 processing fee plus $15 actual food purchase) you get so much, you really.
This is a great deal that helps you incorporate more fresh fruits and veggies into your daily diet.
Fresh fruit, vegetables and meat.
The perishable departments are amazing, and the fresh made products in the various 'food court' type stations is amazing.
It is truly a 'foodies' delight!
Fresh fruits and veggies, awesome sandwich deal in the deli, happy and knowledgeable employees.
The food in the deli area is pretty tasty as well.
The seafood is ok, but considering i come from the seattle area .... let's move on.
Beer selection is great over in the food court area.
Food court is very convenient for lunch, or last minute dinner needs.
Also a huge amount of imported fruits.
They sell jack fruit here!
Just a great time and great food every time we stop in.
Both were fresh and delicious.
I love how quaint and personal this grocery store/restaurant/deli is.
They also have a mean dried fruit mix and a good selection of interesting sodas.
They even carry delicious japanese kit kats!
It allows me to get my organic, socially conscious food on withouth a huge punch to the wallet.
This whole foods is smaller than many other wf's i've been to but it's new, clean, and sufficiently stocked...for now.
The bar inside is a neat addition with daily drink/food specials.
I rarely ever buy anything from whole foods.
They eliminate a lot of the processed foods in the store and leave behind quality products and great prices; fantastic.
All of their stuff is so delicious!
I was even quiet impress that they had ahi poke in their seafood department!
Their house made salsas especially the verde are delicious and their agua de fresca offerings will have you in awe.
This whole foods in particular is on 20th street and camelback right next to la fitness and trader joe's.
I've really noticed that produce prices have dropped significantly which makes whole foods even more competitive.
This while foods also has a mongolian grill type service.
I used to do most of my organic shopping at whole foods.
I love what everyone else loves also, their selection of nuts, dried fruits, and trail mixes.
I'd have to say what whole foods has is a bigger selection of organic produce.
Lots of international foods.
Your food won't rot after 2 days like stuff from "that other place".
I often come here before entertaining to get delicious foods for appetizers.
Great produce and vegetable department, one of the best bakeries around and lots of inventory.
I love the bulk food section.
There were six courses in all and each came with a glass of wine that was paired with the food.
This place has excellent service and great food.
It's a beautiful, bright, open health food market and a sweet little cafe in one.
The produce is fresh and the deli meats are too.
Their bakery items are super cheap and delicious.
Oh, good fruit and veggies too, and plants!
I ended up eating a breakast burrito at thier food bar at the far end of there store.
This is a huge market filled with mexican /latin foods.
There is a big area of prepared foods serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.
We didn't try the food as we already ate lunch, however, we will come back here again.
Great produce, dairy, meats and deli.
I've been using this delivery service for almost a year now, and generally speaking i am pretty happy with it.
And for the record, the delivery system is very reliable.
The food here is so good given it is inside a grocery store.
Until recently, i hadn't ventured into a whole foods because i had heard it was very expensive.
They may not have everything a harris teeter or whole foods would, but you don't always need that.
One of the better whole foods i've visited!
The one thing i love about this particular whole foods is their breakfast hot bar.
They also have biscuits, oatmeal, frittatas, quiche, and fruit.
The rest of the whole foods is the same as others.
It was a delicious mixture of things on top of the burger.
It was amazingly delicious, and that's what matters.
If you like eating good food thats good for you, then trader joes is the place for you.
And hey, who would'nt want to eat good food and  weight a few less pounds too!!
It is spacious and the strong smells from the seafood department are kept to a minimum thanks to great ventilation.
The other asian markets i shop at tend to have limited indonesian foods available.
Gabe the deli manager knows his apartment inside and out very very helpful excellent young man
They now carry all the food items you could want.
Fresh food and meat ,everything.
The meat department and deli also has the best selection and quality i have seen.
Awesome food.counter service only wed-fri. super friendly staff.
They have a prepared food section/eatery, which is fresh and seems very popular.
They have a lot of brand name seafood but it's from china, so we go to metcalfes.
Wisconsin staples like brats, cheese, beer, and football food are well represented.
When i was so tired of the same trash food around, i found this awesome place, sandwiches are sooooooo delicious!!
My husband and i lovingly refer to phoenix ranch market as food city on crack!
Next stop fish market, with an excellent seafood spread.
You can order food-to-go straight from the market, i recommend the shrimp ceviche.
Some interesting food you would not find at your local albertson's.
The restaurant next door is also very good - great seafood enchiladas.
I'm partial to the korean seafood ramen & korean udon, that she carries.
She is one of the most friendly and helpful small specialty food store owner i have met.
It always has more marinated vegetables than broth.
She also makes fresh vegetable soup daily that includes either tofu or rice.
There's also vegetable fried rice and bbq beef that she makes daily.
Yes, i walk in in the dead of winter and they have my all time favorite, grapefruit frozen yogurt.
To die for -- if you're a fan of the sweet/bitter taste of grapefruit you'll be amazed.
They carry lotte sac sac -- a great asian fruit drink with pieces of mandarin orange in it.
Their  soups and salads are always incredibly good, and the sandwich they made me was delicious.
There are shelves of food with labels displaying the cheap winco price versus walmart/smiths price.
Came in a boy was the food amazing!
Even tho the food was amazing lindsey is probably the reason i will be returning!
Plus excellent food, beer, wine, and coffee options.
It's a smaller yet cheaper version of whole foods.
In addition, their hot food section is really good for a grocery store.
It's also cheaper than whole foods at $2.19/100g.
They have beer, desserts, vegetables, really anything you could ever want and i love it!
The crust totally overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the scallops.
Once i scraped the crusts off, the scallops were delicious!
Food is awesome and they make their own beer!
Prm is the place for inexpensive fruits, a great-tasting torta (pollo deshuesado), refried beans, and succulent barbacoa y carne pastor.
If atmosphere isn't important, save yourself mucho dinero by skipping tradiciones and eat at the food court.
I tried to dine at the seafood counter twice, but both times the kitchen had just closed.
Their pre-packaged meals are pretty tasty, and cheaper than a fast food combo.
I have always loved whole foods.
Took gdad here so he can make his delicious lamb curry..
Their selection of produce, food and snacks was extremely impressive.
Plus their masterpieces in the desserts and deli section had me salivating on the spot.
Fact: at least 60% of the store is vegetables!
There's everything from fresh fruits and vegetables to frozen seafood.
Very nice up scale roundy's food market.
Nice place, good place to purchase food!
She even volunteered one weekend and we ended up with more food than we knew what to do with!
Great deals, such a friendly staff and some of the best looking women anywhere shopping for food and ????
I don't buy a lot of frozen food but they have an interesting frozen section with different meals and such.
Great selection of food, especially with all the products they source directly.
Very gourmet food at regular prices with their own brands.
Then the prepared foods are a great way to a quick easy meal like lunch.
Such a unique an awesome way to shop for food.
They had lychee fruit for my lychee martinis.
Toilet paper, girl stuff, scented bleach, chicken (of course), spinach and assorted vegetables.
I can survive this afternoon sans vegetables.
Omg the "just" chicken salad from the deli is the bomb.
If you're local in the area, they will deliver.
Dog food, cleaning products, etc... prices weren't bad compared to other grocery stores either.
The produce, seafood, and meat selections also offer great variety at decent prices.
For food items they have the best prices.
The deli is good-- they even have poke!
The frozen salmon and other miscellaneous seafood's are great.
The food was a bit slow to arrive, but my friend and i weren't in a rush.
There was a small serving of greens and some delicious artisan bread accompanying the red, saucy dish.
What a great concept to learn about the vino, beer and enjoy the food from the meat counter!
The meat department and deli also has the best selection and quality i have seen.
Can't beat the produce prices or the fresh food they sell.
My wife shops at whole foods all the time, i am more of a costco value shopper.
Pick a bunch of fresh vegetables, request a protein (soy), rice (or noodles), and sauce (red curry sauce).
Better than original chopshop (green curry tofu) or tru food kitchen (spicy panang curry), both of which are very good.
When travelling we go out of our way to find a whole foods, for great salads and soups.
Much better option than fast food.
Their prepared foods and cafe area is much larger and very nice with more selection.
Overall, very clean store, great staff, amazing selection and prepared foods.
Pricing is comparable to long food supermarket at market village.
Gigantic selection of fruits.
I recommend if you are into whole foods and the like.
Fresh bakery and meat department, seafood, eggs, dairy, frozen foods.
You can't really compare a chicken place to a natural foods store but whatever.
Everyone was raving about the food and the service.
I did not try the food.
But i totally understand why we don't know what fruits and veggies we will get.
This is a seriously happening place, music, food being grilled, and 100's of people shopping for food.
I was big on whole foods, but this store is much better and the prices are reasonable.
So after getting our food my son and i got the world famous slurpee (coca cola) and off we went.
And the hogs wings were absolutely surprisingly delicious.
The layout is intuitive - prepared foods on one side; grocery items on another.
It's huge and filled with every kind of mexican food you can possibly imagine.
In comparison to pusateri's or whole foods, mcewan's prices for meat are not that bad.
There's a small food court and housewares section.
I love all their indian food selections.
I usually just get a crepe when i go but i've heard the rest of the food is great!
They have a lot of foods that you can buy in bulk.
Their prepared kebabs are delicious- the work is done, all you do is put it on your grill!
I found lots of organic and keto food items which really impressed me.
When i first walked into the door i immediately thought, food 4 less!
I hate food 4 less!
By the time i made it to the bulk food section, i was a fan.
Lots of choices on food you can bag and purchase in the amounts you see fit.
Then i made my way to the deli.
It's not like food 4 less at all.
You bag your own groceries like food 4 less, so be prepared.
It has everything: incomparable selection, dry aged meats, ethnic prepared foods, a stationary store, etc.
They are delish, little savory pie bites from heaven.
The deli was amazing.
They have really great prices they price match or at least price compete with all the other major food stores.
It's crazy clean and organized, has an absolutely delightful selection of produce and offers fantastic healthy alternatives.
Great store with lots of halal options like groceries, ready to eat meals, bakery, fresh meat, seafood, cheese, and more.
Their ready to eat food choice all look mouth watering all with halal ingredients.
My fav fruit on sale, pre-chopped (i'm very lazy) = happiness!
I come here for water, egg, fruit runs cuz they're reasonably priced.
Food lion has really stepped up and is very competitive with prices.. their store brands are fabulous!
:) food lion is a fabulous value these days...
This place is the best for getting fresh foods and eating at the food court.
My favourite part was the pho here because not many restaurants don't have this fresh food like here.
Good variety of seafood, fruits, and vegetables.
Such a large selection of fresh baked goods, deli items, and pre-packaged dinners!
They still carry lots of flavors as well as some of the best prepared food items ever.
I remember as a kid, being raised by a single mom, going to the food co-op and it was hit-or-miss.
Well, i'm eating more fresh fruit and veggies.
I think it's good to take a breather and cook homemade food at least once a week.
However, it is one of my favorite restaurants since the food is delicious and the price is good.
The delivery man was prompt and  friendly.
Another redeeming quality of whole foods is their focus on locally and regionally sourced products.
They've got those extractors spewing out fruit and veggie essence from opening at 7:00 am through to the night.
Love their food selections!
This is the nicest whole foods location in the metro phoenix area.
Whole foods exclusively carries ninja squirrel sriracha which is my current favorite sriracha style chili sauce, super flavorful.
They have a wide variety of deli meats that i'd love to try.
One comes to a grocery store for food and not necessarily aesthetics, right?
Honestly, walking through the store inspires me to explore more creative cooking and unique foods.
Always adding new gluten/vegan foods on a weekly basis.
The canned, boxed, and frozen food sections are seemingly endless and very well-stocked.
It was pretty delicious and affordable.
Killer made-to-order sandwiches had me visiting this deli more than once during my recent assignment across the street.
To top it off, a very appealing meat counter and a produce section puts this deli over the top.
The hot/cold food display is also right at the front door.
Back in texas we had a place called central market which offered higher quality foods.
The deli is huge and had 5 people cutting meats and cheeses when i was there.
They change out the food choices every few days.
Don't forget the deli sells delicious boar's head meats and cheeses at cheaper prices than the big chain stores.
You'll also find lots of dry packaged and canned foods you'll never find in regular supermarkets, large or small.
On the back side of that is a new olive bar that puts the whole foods olive bar to shame!
They carry the beyond burger- it's plant based and delicious, almost mimics a meat patty.
I am going to politely disagree with the gentleman who have reviewed this food lion before myself.
Deli counter, meat counter, sea food counter, bread bins..... yes, yes, yes!
The food, the wine, the frozen veggie selection, the ready-made soups and wraps for quick lunches....it's all good!
My meals are always delicious when i use their spices.
First off the smell from the delicious board of fare that wafted through the waiting area was heaven.
Their brunch food is just so good!
However i was a little underwhelmed with the amount and taste of the dinner food.
The best thing food wise we ordered was the cheese plate, which was only $7 and so much cheese.
This was no easy task as the 2 children, who have rather sophisticated paletes, where not diggin' the food descriptions.
After a total of about 10mins, all 4 meals were delivered to our table, piping hot and freshly made.
So now we get to the food:  truth be told, there were mixed reviews.
A true foodie love affair has begun here.
In the end, all plates were returned to the kitchen completely clear of food.
I recommend it to anyone who wants to save but doesn't want to eat bad food.
Their prices may seem high, but its worth it for the quality of foods.
Tj's offers ready made deli items such as sandwiches, hand rolls and carry outs for the person on the go!
The carne asada burritos are delicious and huge!
The perfect place to get chocolate, crisps, deli meat, weird and wonderful foods and so much more.
The presentation of the food was aesthetically appealing, as well as tasty!!
The cafe has every type of food you can imagine.
The food was so good that i stopped off the morning before i drove back from pittsburgh for more.
There is a huge variety of pre-made food that you can purchase and just heat up on your own.
Location: same plaza as seafood city and at home, begins starbucks.
Where you can buy delicacies from around the world, especially central america, regions of africa, and south america.
Outdoor seating (limited) and car-side delivery if you order ahead.
The food offerings are solid, and most american items are still existing.
We love whole foods wednesdays!
They do a great job luring people in with deals on junk food i've never heard of, like shasta cola.
Love their premade food and healthy snacks too.
Prepared foods are excellent.
The food is organic and fairly priced.
Don't forget the coffee samples and food samples while you shop which always give you great new ideas for cooking.
Such great place for healthy organic fruit while on on vacations.
There is a lot going on in this little store, but i have no desire to purchase anything but food.
I had a giant, delicious and gooey cinnamon bun which doesn't require a pound of icing to make it so.
Tj's also has a large frozen food section.
Winco foods provides the very best of service.
I love getting my lunch from the deli.
I like all the prepared foods that are quick to grab and the nice big ill section.
There was a mix of food brought to the table.
They recently started to crowd out shelf space for 'north american' foods in favour of other cultural options.
I have tried many new foods as a result, but, my feeling is they went too far in that direction.
Definitely a new favorite spot for virtually anything you need for bulk food items, including cooking equipment!
The marinated chicken here is very delicious.
Very friendly , lots of food to choose from and priced well too !
This walmart is new and refreshing - especially when it comes to food.
I was able to find some of the classic east european and russian foods that i enjoyed throughout my life.
The store also stocks some middle eastern cousine and holiday foods.
4) they have a better beer selection than any grocery store in town, save whole foods.
5) they are inexpensive when it comes to quality food items.
They also have a large selection of beauty items that are much cheaper than whole foods (i.e.
Dr. bronner's magic soap runs about $2-3 cheaper here than whole foods).
-- prepared salads are pretty good if you can't deal with cooking and want some vegetables.
Lots of different types of foods from alm over the world.
This is not a bad thing since i prefer asian food and my asian wife... lol...
Thanks for your help, it was pretty good food.
They even have a gift shop, so cute and the food is really delicious and price are reason
Wonderfully eclectic choice of foods, affordable, good service, great seating area (with outlets to charge your phone), great location.
They used to be know for those unique and specialty type foods.
I love the fresh fruit & vegetables!
The yummy food demos!
I had bought some online from a friend (mlm company) and it was delicious - but very (very) expensive.
Matrioshka is a cozy little russian delicatessen on 14th st sw.
But, in matrioshka's, it's more about the homemade frozen delights they have to offer than the scant selection.
So head on down to matrioshka's deli and buy yourself a righteous russian repast - you won't regret it!
Their daily hot food options are always great and the salad bar has a ton of options.
Delicious and they do keep things fresh as possible.
Only con is it won't be food basics prices, but the connivence and choices will sway me despite that.
Another interesting thing about winco is their huge bulk food section and food storage area.
All the food is affordable & authentic!
The best are vampiros that they can juice fresh for you; beets, carrots, apples & pineapple super delicious!
Check out every aisle and stop by the amazing bakery, seafood department, butcher & the incredible cheese counter!
Old fashioned and traditional americans  breakfast food.
Got the italian which was delicious and quality.
Need to learn how to cook that food?
I ordered mostly fresh vegetables and they were all of great quality.
I would love to see a wider range of delivery times!
Whole foods is still a novelty for me.
4) large facility and like the selection of organic vegetables/fruits available.
Some boxed goods are cheaper than whole foods.
Good place for student who need tasty food but don't want to spend too much money.
The market had lots of european candies, dried and jared foods, and a deli in the back.
I wasn't in the position to purchase perishable foods, and have been trying not to eat anything too preserved.
Food related, their mushroom beef barely soup is really good.
But it is sooo worth it just to come in for one of their delicious agua frescas.
They have a stand near the produce section where they will ladle you a huge cup of iced fruit juice.
Offers exceptionally tasty  soups, sandwiches, wraps, and specialty foods to eat in or take out.
Also sells a good assortment of grocery foods.
I come here mostly for hard to find items, seafood, and their beer selection.
I'm kind of stuck up about food and the food i cook and feed my kids.
And the food is always amazing.
Too much fruit for me.
If there was a way to purchase just a veggie or fruit basket that would be cool.
Oh yeah, you have to try their homemade bavarian soft pretzel at the deli.... a newly found vice of mine!
Avoid the produce, poultry, seafood and dairy sections here.
Foodymart is opened 9am to 12am everyday.
What gets them my 4 star rating is their cooked food section.
They have choices of roasted meat (and different animal parts), cooked chinese food and dim sum for great prices.
The drawback is that the food is greasy and taste if it were filled with preservatives.
If you are looking for a late night snack, come after 8pm for a greater discount on cooked food.
At $4 (tax included), this is incredible value for a large, delicious banh mi.
Food and service were great!
I'm mexican and it's my favorite food, the only thing i have at mexican places, usually.
We got sooo much amazingly tasty fruits and veggies!
The food was really good though (little pricey ($10-14 per person with small side but excluding drink) but worth it.
The jambon sandwich and pad thai salad were quite delicious and definitely going to get that again next time.
Disney land for foodies.
I always like whole foods.
I love that this store sells rocq macarons - so delicious!
Good variety of international foods, good deals on meat and fish.
Plus, they have a hot food counter with mad cheap specials towards the end of the day.
So, all in all, the wings were the bomb, sauces were the bomb, blue cheese was creamy and delish.
Got some cool stuff from local farms and food suppliers that you won't find elsewhere!
This new one is specifically for their prepared foods.
For an extra $4.99/kg, they'd grill your seafood.
I watched them scoop squid rings out of the container in the seafood section and weigh it.
Not all whole foods are alike - this one is great!
Their orange chicken is delicious - their juice bar is great - the sandwiches they make are tasty.
They also have a great bulk foods section that is reasonably priced.
If you haven't been to this whole foods, take a stop by sometime.
And it was delivered to our venue on time.
And i love their pre-made food; it is so convenient!
They carry many of the international food at very decent price.
I especially like the vegetable section.
I don't recommend the two restaurant, good price ...but the food suuck !!
You can always find organic and non-organic options, and the seasonal fruits and vegetables are always good.
So its a good option to check out if you don't have a whole foods near you.
The deli meat selection and meat alternative frozen sections also good.
I ordered through grubhub so i can't comment on the staff or physical restuarant but the food was good.
I used to be an avid food city shopper until i found ranch market.
Pickering's own whole foods!
The prices are about the same as those at a whole foods but the selection is the same.
There's a seating area for you to enjoy your hot food at the market.
The food isn't too expensive and everything is pretty easy to find around the store.
They have a section dedicated to bulk foods like candy, nuts, pasta, and more!
There is a microwave available to heat food.
They have some pretty unique food items too, which was great when i was stocking up for a surprise picnic.
Nice little independent grocery store in parma --  their deli, bakery and produce selections are outstanding.
Got the ribs today wasn't impressed, but the rest of the food there is good.
Make sure you stop by as the have a meat market ans speciality mexican food.
They have great sales and they have a pretty nice meat selection & deli.
They deli/bakery turns out some of the best cakes and fried chicken around.
Trader joe's is just that a small market that delivers the absolute best in quality of food and service.
On this particular journey to the store i was seeking leafy green vegetables and some tasty fruit.
The colors of the fruits and vegetables are so delicious looking.
For fruits i selected an apple, a few oranges, and some bananas!
They are arranged ever so delicately.
They sell produce and anything you might need food wise.
The food that they sell is a little more, but it cheers to living a few extra years.
In fact, we got so much food  we couldn't even eat it all.
Fresh and delicious, i couldn't ask for more!
Servers are always friendly and food is always good.
In my opinion, this session make whole foods market different with other competitors.
You cannot go wrong with the food here.
There's incredibly delicious veg food on the menu (and i hear that the meat is just as delicious).
Actually, try anything- it'll be effing delicious!
Consistently very good and i mean that all around: food, service, etc.
Came here to eat at their food court and we were pleasantly surprised.
Their food court is amazing.
If you want some solid and affordable mexican food, this is the place to be.
Everything is delicious and hot.
The food was very good.
Buffalo chips were delicious and the pork shanks aka hog wings tasted like yummy pork belly.
Whole foods is in my hood!
Too many thoughts to process, but really, the themes are as follow:  - food!
Everything you've ever remembered / dreamed about / seen in a whole foods is here.
This is whole foods after all.
Whole foods carries magners!
The bar carries food!
They have lots kinds of fresh punch/fruit juice.
The shopping experience isn't as glamorous as, say, whole foods, but it's pleasant nonetheless.
Hands down the best place in the madison area for good mexican food.
Mom reads those health magazines so everytime some kind of fad food or superfood comes out, trader joes has it.
The fruits and vegetables are top notch.. super fresh at times kinda pricey but overall inexpensive.
Absolutely delivered and made my little girls day!!!!
Lam's seafood market is a rare asian gem in the westside.. sort of like me ;-) haha just kidding.
Just some "food" for thought!
Sunflower market offers an assortment of organic foods, hard-to-find ethnic-asian food/condiments, choice meats, produce and fresh seafood.
Never had an issue with this place, fresh veggies, fresh fruits, and quality is pretty awesome in general.
I love adar!its convenient and the food is really tasty!
Food and cakes appeal to anyone!
Food options are always expansive.
Jeff was in awe at the seafood station but i was eyeing the meat station.
House made hot food are all good, and i've tried nearly all of them.
My staples items from chuppa-- fresh baked italian loaf, sliced when purchased and still steaming, housemade yogurt and fruit parfait.
They have so many nice vegetables, including the hard to find king mushrooms.
Maybe their clientele wants that, but for me, i would rather see more vegetables.
Love trader joe's, they have a great selection of inexpensive healthy food!
Healthy options in the bulk food area and the prices on everything is better than walmart or fry's.
Granted they have a small selection of items but they have the best fresh fruits and veg tables.
To break it down, think of trader's as the affordable whole foods.
My options are limited for lunch that's not fast food so i frequent joe's.
The seafood section is extremely fresh as well.
The german food selection is great and the frozen and refrigerated selection is always tasty (i recommend the sauerbraten).
I find they don't offered a variety of brands but it's wayy cheaper than whole foods.
Great little middle eastern market and deli.
Great food for take-out.
It's similar to other major health food chains.
The store is laid out efficiently and none of the food was expired.
This is not fast food.
It is a spot for a delicious leisurely brunch.
The menu is focused on comfort foods.
The triple-decker was delicious, and i had to eat it in sections it was so big.
Asiana market has been my regular go to grocery store for asian food.
They have a korean restaurant located at the food court.
I smelled yummy food while shopping and ended up buying more food than i had on my shopping list.
Looking forward to coming back for more food.
), great deli (boars head!
), great prepared food (pizza is awesome!)
I was overwhelmed by the plentiful selection of cheeses in their cheese and deli section.
Not a bargain but not the whole pay check that i've come to occasionally spend at whole foods.
I look forward to returning with the hubby to sample more of the freshly prepared food.
A great variety of authentically hispanic food choices.
We bought various food items and served up street tacos for a large group last night.
But the food, spot on and tasty!
Food court and bread shop is there too.
If wholw foods was an asian market, it'd be asiana market.
Attached are two or three little restaurants- almost like a food court.
Formerly a foodland, this is now a shop 'n save and is apparently under new management.
Their prepared foods, particularly the potato salad, are solidly good.
Very good fruits and vegetables.
There is a lot of very interesting food to buy.
Great atmosphere, great food and great service!
This asian market has a small section of fruit and veggieand fresh sea food, it's reasonable priced.
One good thing, since it's an asian market you can find fresh/live seafood and cheap asian must haves.
Reyna foods offers a respectable selection of mexican (as well as some latin american) grocery goods.
Reyna foods is worth a stop for sure, even if you're not particularly into mexican or latin american food.
They have a massive selection of food and other supplies.
I don't always like bagging my own food but i'll deal with it.
Cleaned..perfect organized..delicious bread..fresh coffee....i love farm boy~~
We had placed some deli catering orders for a work event and the staff was exceptional.
The deli is pretty decent.
They have a very good vegetable and fruit selection.
They even sell bok choy and dragon fruit.... items more in tune in asian markets usually.
Same with their cheeses and deli/sandwich meats.
The snacks at trader joe's are sometimes interesting but not good or even sometimes there's rare finds that are delish.
Great menu choices and the food is very good.
There is a very large prepared food area on the first floor.
The food was very good and well priced.
There is plenty of places to sit and enjoy your foods.
But there is just nothing like their fresh food.
And of course, great pre-made foods too if you just want to pick up something to go.
Great selection of eastern european foods.
Great selection of wines,  cheeses,  deli meats and smoked fish.
Collard greens, a tiny bunch of broccolini, radishes, apples, pineapple, coconut, tomatoes, bananas, grapefruit.
Way more fruit than veggies.
They claim to have 50/50 fruit and veggies.
I like good food and variety, but i don't wanna go broke either shopping for it.
The bulk food aisles have a large selection of items!
I love this particular one because the fruit and vegetable section is always fully stocked.
I buy my fruits and vegetables weekly because i only buy them fresh.
Publix has a good amount of organic vegetables which i prefer.
I also like the fact that i can buy things on the hot food bar.
The hot food bar has chicken and different vegetables there is usually another meat as well.
If you buy food from the hot food bar it is weighed to determine the price.
High quality food ready to go.
I've been going to this whole foods market for a while, since they opened actually.
I love having this whole foods in my neighborhood.
They carry all the basic asian food stuff.
They carry delicious awesomeness from chicago and other regions.
Loved the meat, cheese, seafood and other selections.
Reid's has great food with multiple options for breakfast and lunch.
Sure, if a strip club is full of great deals, tasty  ready made foods and offers coupons all the time.
Good service, good food, and great prices.
For example, there is a bbq, bakery, and seafood counter, as well as a dollar (or more) store counter!
They have a health food section that has tons of different teas, vitamin supplements, and specialty foods.
They have a vegan section, a deli, and a small freezer dept.
You will be able to find plenty of gluten free & organic foods here.
I haven't tried their hot foods or vietnamese sandwiches, but they seem pretty popular.
Recommended for an all around asian food haul!
She works in the seafood department that always has the freshest seafood of all kind.
After visiting many grocery stores in search of a consistent supply, the seafood department in this albertsons is the best!!!
Pick up their weekly grocery ad, it's so much better than generic pictures of fruits, veges and branded products.
Love going to this store and trying healthier versions of food.
Delivery is always within the time slot i choose.
The delivery folks are friendly and trustworthy.
The food itself is always fresh and most of the prices are good.
Best deli in town!
Also had great kale salad from the deli and ...drum roll...this store has a wine bar in it also!
Reminds me of a california whole foods great products, clean fresh produce, & the plants & flowers are just devine!
(yet)  they also have waaaaay better prepared foods than either mayo or tatum locations.
What an amazing whole foods experience!
I will be back to shop the wife arrange of wines and beers they have near the pre-made food section.
The lower level has prepared food, a deli, sushi, a wrap and bowl station, fresh fish station, and more.
They provide curb side delivery of your groceries.
They have a wide arrange of prepared foods at this location.
They are literally like happiness wrapped in a delicious corn shell.
The fresh fruit was just as varied, and abundant.
Lots of organic foods and healthy food options too.
I especially like the eggs as they are always fresh and delicious.
It's a nice farmers market atmosphere with an organic whole foods store attached to it.
I usually go to the salad bar and the hot food bar when i come here to grab food.
The prices are reasonable, and the food is always fresh.
They have a large seating area upstairs to enjoy your food (outdoor seating too).
That was my absolute favorite, and i would get food from there allllllll of the time.
If you need bread, cereal, fruit, etc, i would look elsewhere.
I braved the masses and visited whole foods market on opening day.
Of the customers kept saying how excited they were to have a whole foods in their area.
Don't bother wasting your whole day prepping food.
Overall very good food in all departments.
I shop here at least 1 time a week for meat vegetables, and bread.
The pecan crusted, thick cut pork chop is delicious also.
The answer is sunny food mart!
Two meat counters (regular and hallal), a live sea-food section (look at all those fishes swimming around).
They now offer fresh seafood, sashimi, a massive selection of fresh and frozen meat, mountains of gimbap, banchan, rice cakes..
But still, i do know my food.
Also, you cannot control how ripe/unripe your fruit is...again, you just get whatever is in the basket.
But that doesn't mean it's any less delicious.
I love the fresh fruits and vegetables here - they certainly pay more mind to it than most other stores.
The yellow thai curry they have is delicious!!
Adonis is a supermarket chain originating from quebec that specializes in middle eastern groceries/food.
They even have a food court and some gift shops.
A great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables squeezed as i watched.
They have a pretty good selection of prepared food (fried chicken, sushi, etc.
Trader joe's is the place i go to get my organic food, bread, etc.
I really like my whole foods market.
Is not cheap but healthy food is not cheap.
Food bar is a hit and miss.
They have a really food selection of naengmyun and jajangmyun, too!
Giving this place a 5 because it's all korean food and goods - exactly what i've been looking for!
And it's not just strictly asian food.
A decent produce section caters mostly to those looking for asian vegetables.
Their breads they make in store are delicious.
What an absolute delight this little market is.
He made us 2 delicious sandwiches.
The taco stand is owned by a different person, not by reyna foods.
Not all grocery store sushi is created equal, but this was actually real sushi and it was delicious.
The food was good enough that i could see myself visiting everyday if we lived close enough.
They have a really amazing selection of interesting foods from around the world, in a very unassuming location.
Awesome find in a city with an ethnic food profile that would be described as lackluster at best.
I sure haven't and i go all over the valley to visit food stores.
So davis has been remodeling lately and i love what they have done!!!
I've gotten ordinary stuff - milk, eggs, salad, fruit, tortillas - at great prices.
The produce and fruit have been mostly fresh.
You get a lot of great food for the price!
I shop here about once a week for a stock up trip, buying mostly fruits and veggies.
A gallon of milk was $1.37 but the organic milk was $2.95 - comparable to aldi and food :lion.
I've never had an issue at this food lion location.
Although this isn't my usual food lion, i don't mind using this location from time to time.
I ordered about $50 worth of items from fresh deli cheeses, organic  and dried fruits to soap and beer!
I love local and tasty food.
They are not fast but the food is good.
Good stuff italian import/food stuff store.
They have yummy frozen pizza dough and prepared foods deli counter.
Make yourself step up to the deli counter and order.
A nice selection of fruits and vegetables as always.
The pricing is great; the food is amazing and their wine good and cheap!
Been living in central hoosier-ville since 1981 where biscuits & gravy are one of the the five main food groups.
I ran down to paoli local foods a week before thanksgiving to pick up a fresh heritage turkey.
This food lion is probably one of my favorite locations, mostly because of convenience.
When ever i cook, the food taste decent and good.
So, because of this i've resorted to microwavable foods.
My mind is saying, thank you technology for the microwave and for the chefs who created microwaved foods.
Immediately, i go to the frozen microwaved food section and the selection they have is just phenomenal.
They do have other food that are awesome, but this was my main objective.
This place is huge, organized, lots of choices in meat, seafood and fish items.
They have a kenyan hot sauce everyone must try on their eggs- very spicy and delicious.
I haven't tried their homemade pasta but the cheese and deli meat are great!
Can't beat it, they're delicious.
But they always deliver good food and good service.
The fruit and vegetable areas are also clean and well managed.
In the summertime there are some tables and chairs outside, so you can enjoy your sandwich or fruit right away.
I went here with my friends for korean food since our let down at koreatown!
We ate food at asiana kitchen which was good and service was friendly!
We will come here from now to get our korean food fix!
I love korean food so much!
Love the seasonal changes that bring some new food to try.
It's a lot of fruit and veggies, and you have absolutely no say in what you get each week.
So i wish i had a little "i get my fruit and veggies from bb" sign  first world problem, right?
Good service at ready to eat food sections.
The frozen food section is also quite diverse and overwhelming - somewhat like walmart at comparable prices.
Meat and seafood are definitely worth a look as something will inevitably be irresistibly priced and worth purchasing.
Honeys, meats, eggs, produce - you'd be surprised what delicious treats you'd find here that aren't from too far away.
I had bought giant honeycrisp apples that were amazingly delicious.
Simple, healthy and delicious :) nice if looking for a light lunch.
Clean and tidy store with an actual deli and bakery area.
Decent selection of fresh vegetables including an organic area.
There are limited seafood and red meat selections but an overwhelming amount of back fat pork products.
A nice selection of fruits and vegetables as always.
Reminds me of good old southern comfort food.
This place serves my favorite chicken fried steak, it's simple but delicious.
The breakfast is served with biscuits and gravy though which are delicious.
A european corner including a european deli (which my parents frequent and are fans of because 1.
Produce is good and a good selection of foods.
Other than that, we are both happy with the food and overall very happy with the prices on the produce.
The seafood always looks good as well.
From the balcony food menu i enjoy the selection on the charcuterie board.
Also, if i didn't mention; they also sell groceries and many other food items.
Best food shopping experience in the strongsville area.
(everything in their meat counter is delicious) the staff is super nice.
This beautiful new whole foods in pinecrest is absolutely amazing!
My sis and i both had the pork tokatsu and it was delicious!!!
Clean, fresh, large variety of food.
I love their fresh vegetables and fruit.
A ton - literally, a ton of fruits & veggies for $16.50.
(disclaimer, i am a total foodie who loves to cook.
It's dirty work, you're in a warehouse unpacking cases of fruits and veggies that are on ice and leaking.
Very fresh produce plus delicious hot foods prepared every day.
But..... but.. this place gives you ideas, you can get local coffees, organic fruits and vegetables.
Also, they have a great selection of organic foods that i cannot get at fry's.
If you make italian food and live in cleveland, shop here.
The meat section is oh so delicious - fresh, sliced to perfection and super clean.
They have great prices and great selection of food.
They use the boarhead deli meat.
Where else are you going to spot so many different varieties of arare and other delicious rice crackers?
Very large beer and wine section, great produce, great bakery, great deli, great frozen.
Clothes, food, tires, gas, florist, pharmacy...this store has it all.
Fast and reliable delivery on instacart today by gerald.
Funky, fun and if you are a foodie this is a little slice of heaven.
I wish their deli section had more fresh items made in the store.
Food is great, lunch time is always busy.
You can usually get fish and seafood items pretty cheap.
Huge, delicious, made-from-scratch portions that will keep you full for hours while only lightly taxing the wallet.
We're hooked and will keep returning for more delicious goodies!
I have not purchased any of their many non-food offerings since i don't use supplements.
Not once have i bought food here that disappointed.
Fantastic service, unique atmosphere and delicious french food will complete your montreal experience.
I had to wait in line for a while to order my food, but it was worth the wait.
The food couldn't have been better.
Fresh produce, prepared foods, meats, mexican specialty foods and the like.
It was really good home made alfredo sauce and the chunks of seafood were pretty tasty.
The food and service is amazing.
Favorite place to go for fresh fruits and veggies!
Can't recall if any of them were fair trade, but i'm not looking for chocolates, i need something fruity!
Very delicious, hot or cold, with a little bit of organic tropical blossom honey added to it!
Really good food here.
Tasty food and large portions.
It's reasonably priced with great food and good selection.
The omelet was delicious too but was also coated in oil (so it would come out of the pan perfectly?
I've always been iffy about this whole foods.
Stephanie, the chef, makes amazing and affordable food.
The food itself was great!
Fruit land is in a big island near the food court in the south outlets.
They sell dried fruit products and nuts.
You can sample as much of the dried fruit as you want.
And it's delivered straight to your door!
I love the presentation of the fruits, veggie, the bakery, and the entire store.
A little pricey, but in my experience this place has some of the best food and drinks in madison.
The deli is a god send to pull together a meal or cocktail spread fast.
Being italian and loving italian food, there is nothing like walking down an entire aisle of tomato sauce.
They have a prepared foods section and deli when you walk in the door.
Love their pre-prepared foods: fresh, great ingredients, ready to eat.
One of the most authentic italian delis in az and filled with personality.
Very ny deli grocery feeling and the sandwiches are prepared with lots of love.
I ordered a delivery sandwich today for my son at school.
Only $2 delivery fee.
Fantastic food, warm atmosphere and great service from our server andrew.
Always clean, produce looks fresh, variety of foods to choose from, and cashiers remember familiar faces.
There's a good variety of healthy food options and a nice bakery.
Order, sit down & food is brought out to you, very casual.
Deli type selection with burgers & pizzas.
Plus the caprese sandwich, a big serving, served on a very crispy delicious bread.
Also had the sweet potato salad w/cranberries & pecans was delish!
Fruit salad & caprese pasta salad was delightful as well.
The food was just like our old family recipes!
The sausage was just like easter morning and all the samples of pierogi was delicious!!
Also shopped in the deli to take a little of poland home for later!!
My friend told me about food city and i think i owe her big.
I have dealt with the deli and bakery departments the most and they are always knowledgeable and courteous!
However if you need some delicious italian groceries then get yourself in here.
Pizza is delicious and i dream of their cheese burger, it is a must.
Great folks - authentic food.
The only thing i really couldn't find was some really good fruit.
Fresh meat and vegetables.
So happy with the fruit selection...came to find cut up mango and other fruits... clean, quick checkout, nice neighborhood.
Their food never disappoints and their coffee is crave-worthy.
Every bite was deliciousness.
The service is great, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is great.
Fries are one of my ultimate favorite foods, and these are probably some of the best i've had.
The food is delicious.
They even have house made frozen pasta, sauces, and soups that are delicious.
Great food, great ambiance, good fun.
The trouble is going to be picking what delicious item to devour.
Both were delicious !!
We waited about 5 min and our food was delivered to our table.
No problems recommending this place to anyone who wants great food and eclectic surroundings.
My favorite part is the bakery - really delicious fresh breads (get the chilli cheese bread!)
The produce section is fresh & i've never had a problem with veggies or fruit i've bought here.
The eggs are delicious and the sticky bun is as big as your face and sooooo good!
Good food, friendly staff, and great atmosphere!
If you're looking for whole foods, even though resnick's carries some artisanal stuff, this ain't it.
Good service, fresh food, and a fun place to be in downtown gilbert.
Shopping at adf turns food buying into a fun adventure!
There's an extensive deli section, and a nice bakery offering free cookies and bread/spread samples.
I choose this fry's to stock up on healthy food, both meals and snacks, while i'm here.
Awesome food, great beer and wine!
There is no table service but the food is good, selection is fantastic and the staff is eager to please.
We really enjoyed everything - the food, the service and the numerous bottles of liquor for sale.
This is a great place,  nice open kitchen,  delicious breakfast and even a better lunch menu.
I was craving fresh delicious food, so i only stopped at the deli.
The food was served fairly quickly, piping hot and delicious!!
The food here is excellent!
Great food great ambiance and desserts to die for!!!
The food is good, the atmosphere is nice, and the service is great.
Food is pretty good.
Sprout's has a great selection of healthy food choices and options we can't find in other stores.
You can find the best food and have fun while shopping there.
Food arrived in a short amount of time and was quite good.
This place is delicious!!!!
Their food is well worth the wait!!
What a great place for every item you could ever want for food.
Good amount of seafood, and my favorite was the live lobster.
I enjoy their fresh fruit and veggies.
They carry a good selection of international food items.
Ok, on to the food.
Their salad bar and prepared food is excellent and all of the produce is just superlative.
My favorite thing is the bulk foods.
From mustard seed in their bulk food area.
Excellent place, great bulk foods, thankful to have it close by.
Loved the food here!
The pierogi and meatball plate was delicious and i would recommend to anyone who enjoys pierogis.
Hearty, but not greasy, this soup hit the spot with its delicate pickle and dill balance.
I can understand why this is a comfort food.
I have eaten these in the restaurant pan fried in butter previously and they are delicious.
This was my first time going to whole foods market.
I loved the displays of fresh food and soups.
Angie really brightened my first time and day in whole foods market.
Unlike trader joe's, they carry a wide variety of brands, and don't focus as much on packaged and frozen foods.
The prepared food is hit or miss.
Food is always fresh and delicious.
The prepared food cafeteria area is great (and was very popular when we were there).
Friendly staff, fresh deli, groceries, produce, smokin deals on liqour and beer.
We both loved our food!
Delicious hot lunches & some of best unsweetened ice tea.
The take-away food selections are great, especially the hot sandwiches.
I had a few finger foods, hot and cold, plus an assortment of mini sandwiches.
Best of all, very delicious.
Their seafood counter is what really impressed me with a large selection of fresh looking fishies and crustaceans.
We sampled soup, organic fruit and beef jerky.
There was much more, too like, toaster strudel and some others in the frozen food section.
Very good food at a very good price.
Great place for iranian and other middle eastern specialty foods.
They have a very nice selection of nuts (best sour almonds in mtl) and dried fruits.
They also have some delicious baked goods for take out or a few tables to sit at.
As a foodie, i can not just visit a place without taking something home with me.
Until next time foodies!
The food they sell outside the store is also amazing and i highly recommend it.
Ok, so to get the easy out of the way - the food and drink were great.
They were fresh and delicious.
Great food, great vibe, great service.
I love coming here because i able to make many of my comfort foods.
They have a huge selection of baked goods, meats, cheeses, and frozen foods.
This place is delicious.
No more bumping into other customers every few feet a la community natural foods!
Also, included imitation crabmeat, and i'm not a fan of imitation foods.
And the food is always fantastic.
Such a wonderful place to make me feel like home .... and the food well it is italian !
The food is fabulous.
It's definitely a little dated, but the food was fresh and delicious.
There was one "deli" style meat that i was not a fan of.
I can not remember the last time i was so impressed with the food at a place.
But for drinks, or a casual dinner, merchant delivers.
This location definitely delivered on the organics- huge plus!
Comfortable, cozy, great service and affordable great food
I didn't have any food there, but will be the next time i come to madison.
They always have great prices and the best food!
Great butchery department, as well as seafood market.
A cool, hip place to hang with your buddies and eat decent food.
They carry all the popular snacks, sodas, frozen entrees, fresh fruit is often available along with an indian food selection.
Either way it's delicious and just writing about it makes my mouth water :)
They have a wonderful selection of bulk foods that has got to be the highest quality bulk in the valley.
The olive cheese and deli meat section is pretty awesome.
That or just to pick up some milk, eggs, and some deli meat!!
They also have fresh fruit salads, latino cookies, desserts.
But whenever i crave for home food, this is the best place to look out for.
This trader joe's is always stocked with succulents, pretty flowers, fresh fruits, and perfectly ripe avocados.
This is my healthy food go-to grocery store.
The cookie sandwiches are delicious yet light and not too heavy.
Trader joe's cold brew- strong and delicious tasting coffee.
Twice while shopping at this location my wife and i stopped at the deli to pick up some lunch meat.
No longer the corner market but some of the freshest and most delicious food in the east valley.
Heinens has the best prepared foods in the area.
The other reason i come is for the hot food.
Other than that, the chocolate croissant was delish, cannoli was just okay.
Fruits and vegetables are fresh and nicely laid out.
Not a very big place, but they make up for it with a fabulous deli.
Nor expensive like your wholefoods..
The baked goods section and food court have some great deals as well.
Several times they have run really good specials on their seafood and i have taken advantage of these.
The seafood was fresh.
I consider all pierogi kitchen's prices to be fair and the amount of food served to be a good value.
The waitress was very friendly and the food was excellent.
Pierogis were delicious, went with the potato & cheddar ones.
We had come to mile end for a food event that happened to have long lines and was too crowded.
Delicious snacks, and great people.
Once to see how our food was and another to share his kale salad recipe with me.
You have to eat here if you're a foodie.
I'm not crazy about the food selection, although that is not primarily why i go here in the first place.
Did not buy groceries just did the fast food.
I'm kinda obsessed with their chai latte, simply delicious.
As far as the food goes...all of their menu is worth a try!
Short lines, friendly service and good food with a very good selection!
I am hooked on trader joe's food, i can never go back to regular grocery stores again!
I always buy my seafood here.
The menu has italian food on it... minus 1 star.
Fast forward to the food.
Good fruit and produce section.
The prepared foods beat whole paycheck hands down!
They had a great deli, cheese, meat, and pastries section.
The different colors of baked goods looked delicious by sight.
If you like polish food you will like this restaurant.
100% authentic, seoul-style street food and more.
The viet sausages are delicious as well.
Not just because it's awesome food, but chef david traina & his wife kiersten rock.
With time to spare and other errands in the neighborhood, i made another visit to american discount foods.
And for my money, there's no better place to get a delicious, grocery store apple pie than aj's.
I went in today mainly to get some research for an english assignment for school and to sample food.
They bring your food to your table and come back regularly to check on how you are doing.
I would recommend liberty market to anyone looking for great food and great people
The salads are delicious and come in gigantic quantities.
Kalamata is the foodie version of ali-baba's cave.
The food is awesomely tasty.
I came here to get some chinese food at 9pm and sadly the deli area was closed.
They also have the best black bean noodle, jjajangmyon, in the food court.
The food was so fresh and yummy.
I love how they grow their own food or get it from az growers.
Cool, seemingly well-crafted menu with tons of local foods!
I had the fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious.
The food is delicious, too.
Furthermore, you can grab some coffee, wine, and picnic food and eat it out on the floating (and covered!)
Customer service and the food were also excellent!
Awesome fresh fruits and veggies.
Excellent meat and seafood counter with lots of extra tasty treats.
They have quality food as well.
Very nice selection of meat, fruit & veg tables.
Don't all rush in @ once 2 clear the shelf but they have the best frozen fruit bars.
Great selection of frozen fruit 4 smoothies--yum!
The food is superb and the service is excellent.
The prices are reasonable, especially for the quality and quantity of food.
Wow- this is the place to go for great polish food!
I went with several family members and we shared lots of amazing and delicious choices.
Their bulk foods are a great value and the selection is huge and varied.
The food is a great quality the atmosphere is great.
It's a little place with great food.
I really liked their food.
Food served here was so authentic based on my few visits to italy.
They sell other food products, i was too tired to walk around that day but would like to come back.
This is some kick ass italian food!
It's hard to find really high quality food these days, but these guys did it.
I like how you walk up and order, and they bring the food to your table.
And their delicious looking pasta(gnocchi and rigatoni).
If you think this place has bad food, you clearly don't know high quality, healthy, delicious food.
Truly a foodie's paradise.
Cheese selection also delicious, selections with a honey comb, buttered toasted rye,and a cherry chutney/jam.
The food was absolutely perfect!
My food was sooo good.
And the best part is they grow their own food or get it from local farmers right here in arizona!
Aside from the food the staff was super awesome.
Got were also delicious!
We ordered the appetizer sampler, the lentil soup, tunisian vegetable stew and lamb gyro.
The food  so for the russians out there, this place has a huge variety of .
There is also some food for sale (pickles, caviar, soups, some awesome syrups, bread, etc.)
Prices are better than most indian food stores i've been to in the charlotte area.
Really good food & good price, big portion, nice environment & servers!
Ah the old days...anyway the food is still 100% excellent quality and the service was top notch today.
Food is always excellent!
Hats off to elizabeth in the deli.
The party was in 3 hours and i have no food.
Like everyone said in other posts the vegetable quality is not good.
Everything in the vegetable fruit area is either wilting or over-ripe.
I've also been here for dinner and enjoyed my food.
Fantastic job on the food we had catered.
The best mediteranian food anywhere!
The higher prices are worth it given how amazing the food is.
Not to mention, a butcher counter of meats and seafood, including pre-marinated selections.
Ordered delivery through postmates.
Food was hot and amazing.
Amazing food and the vibe of the restaurant is very cool.
However food portions are small for the price, otherwise i'd definitely give 5 stars.
So,  best food option in the area.
-produce their own label dry goods including dried fruits and spice blends.
- no pet supplies or food.
You reach the front of the line, order your food, and take a seat at your table.
After a wait, your food is brought to the table.
One bite into the food and you find that the process was well-worth the wait!!
We had the burger, grilled cheese and fingerling potatoes - absolutely outstanding food!!
The food is great, the drink selection is good, and they have really good hookah.
Great quality prepared foods, small but excellent sushi bar,  ultra pleasant staff, definitely quality driven.
Not much in the organic fruit and veggie dept.
They makes very serious italian food.
I enjoy going to this location to buy fresh fruit and their freshly made tortilla chips.
The prices for their fruit is way cheaper than other places as well as their jalapenos.
Eclectic little grocery store with great natural food options.
Food to order is yummy as well.
Food was excellent as well as staff.
The veggies are fabulous & the fruit are so sparkly!
They have all the delicacies along with breads and condiments that you can imagine.
I had two very delicious mojitos.
Great service, the food was out quick and unique and tasty
This place is authentic and delicious.
I think the competitive pressure from whole foods is helping them improve.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.
(must buy bread in freezer section; babaganoush in deli)
This place is the real deal for authentic polish food.
But most importantly our food was so good!
No crazy crowds or lines - just good food & good service!
Awesome food and the service is always superb!
This was a very delicious experience and quite a surprise!
We've been looking for a great italian deli close to where we live and found this.
Ate outside on the patio and the price was great in the food was delicious.
I have never been to a grocery store with a better selection of really fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs.
Great value, amazing food.
Salmon is delicious...just wish it was wild alaskan salmon instead of farmed atlantic.
Aj's, as advertised, offers fine foods.
The food is definitely worth it!
Nice people, good quality food.
Someone told me that the deli and bakery here was awesome so i came to pickup some bread.
The bakery was fully stocked with all kinds of delicious sounding and looking artisan breads.
The deli is well stocked with meats and endless cheeses.
Deli has some of the best fried chicken in town.
The fresh sausage is authentic and delicious.
Both were absolutely delicious!
Food is fantastic as is the service.
Been here multiple times, the food just keeps getting better!
The deli & bakery people are super nice.
Great food and a funky vibe.
Food: during this visit, i ordered a juice( that is sour, but also naturally a bit sweet) for $4.50.
Including: beer, wine, liquor, nuts, candy, frozen and fresh foods, produce, sunscreen, clothing and so much more!
Always friendly staff, also offering drop off/ delivery dry cleaning!
I noticed they do have a pretty good sized deli with some fresh made sandwiches that looked delicious.
Was delighted to discover this gem off of the capitol square when i was in town for an on-location shoot.
Cocktails were inventive and delicious, food was memorable -- excellent salad and nibbles.
Altogether the meal was delicious and great atmosphere!
Food store is just the beginning.
They have every type of food item you could ever want including those that are ready to eat.
Tip: if you're going to eat at the food court, make sure you order at least an hour before closing.
Pros: competitive bulk pricing, cheap food court, cheap alcohol, and free food samples given out to shoppers.
For the same price of taco bell or mcdonald's you get get actual food made specifically because you ordered it.
I wish we had time to see the entire store today, but the food court was a hit.
Food was delicious and well portioned.
Entrees come with plenty of food and reasonably priced (~$15).
Veggies and fruits always ripe.
They pour pretty strong drinks, and they always have a delicious variety on their menu.
Love the space, the service was fantastic and the food was great !
The food is great, prices are great and service is great.
Fast food chinese pretty good stuff.
I'm in this store at least once or twice a week, and each time i am delighted at the staff.
This is great for vegetarian and vegan food eaters, as well as meat eaters.
Regardless, i am a loyal customer because they have great food and the staff is friendly.
The sweet bread is delicious!
Full of fresh cuts of meat and "asian" vegetables.
But it's authentic, delicious food!
The sandwich deli here is actually pretty great.
They have a lot of things not limited to food such as kitchenware, slippers, hair dye, skincare, etc.
On to the food section, there is a a food court area and bakery inside.
Overall i love korean food and the culture so i come back pretty frequently.
Really well executed italian food... need a little flexibility !
...it's super delicious and a fresh take  if you think i liked the eggplant.
But forget the lowlight....the food is awesome....real good, authentic italian food!
The fruit is fresh love the vegetables from here they have a really nice selection of frozen food.
We found a marionberry frozen pie once that was delicious!
Organic food that's good for you for affordable prices?
The grilled vegetables were fantastic, and the entrees were served with a complimentary salad and roasted red pepper soup.
Great food and wonderful people very warm.
If whole foods was closer (and maybe a bit less expensive), then i'd maybe skip out on sprouts.
The one draw-back is the lack of inexpensive frozen foods.
All of the food we have had there has been excellent.
Breakfast is also varied and delicious.
Food is delicious and the atmosphere is engaging.
Pros:  food and coffee drinks; decor and yes, bathrooms have character.
The wood oven pizzas are delicious, good salads and sandwiches, great desserts and awesome coffee.
The food is tasty and customer service is great.
Simple yet soooooo delicious.
I was having a party and decided on serving polish food.
I had lunch here the previous week and the food was just as good or better than i could make.
I was having a total of 17 people for dinner and they all raved about how wonderful the food was!
I live in the northeast valley and i will gladly travel to mesa to enjoy their wonderful food.
Thanks natasha my party was a success because of your food!
The ginger squash soup delighted every taste bud.
And oh my gosh the food was so good.
As for food, you can't go wrong with the fried cheese curds and house-made buttermilk ranch.
I think the food selection is great.
The price of the fruits, vegetables and meats are really great.
I particularly like to buy the 1$ package of overripe fruit and make fruit salad out of it.
My son went back and purchased a freshly made pastrami sandwich from their little deli.
My wife's salad was fresh and the zebra brownie was delicious.
Interested in experiencing a "food-gasm"?
In love with italian food?
Merchant is a perfect example, a place made for foodies where food, drinks, decoration and music blend perfectly.
As for the food?
They did a little remodeling since my last visit.
Moved items/sections in the food section and also added self checkout kiosks, which is extremely beneficial in my opinion.
I have used vons delivery three times now.
The deli  service can be slow at times but is worth the wait.
Pizzas, salads, and sandwiches are all delicious, but what deserves an extra special shout out is the dessert case.
An oasis of real food in the akron food desert.
And the food is fantastic.
I'm sure i've given the servers a few headaches with my lengthy deliberations.
So those with food restrictions have a lot of options.
Food recommendations (i'll try to keep it to a few...may i just recommend the entire breakfast menu for starters?)
-for my health nut buddies- go for the smothered vegan breakfast burrito or grilled vegetable scramble.
As always, the food and the staff were great!
The food is authentic and great for price.
Casual dining but fantastic food
Especially in deli, kara is so sweet!
The deli is great as well and they have a good assortment of italian goods you can't find in ajs.
I am a big fan of mediterranean food (gotta love real cypriot haloumi cheese!).
I noticed a sign that mentioned to order your food first before taking a seat.
The food was good.
The food could have sucked (it didn't), and i would still be raving.
What a delicious place for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
The food is fresh and amazing.
Saved this to my favorite list for authentic middle eastern food.
I have nothing but good things to say about this grocery & deli.
The food is amazing.
And even better polish/eastern europen food.
The food was also excellent, especially the brussels sprouts and chicken entree.
Located inside american discount foods.
They offer great american food at great prices.
So you know your getting good quality fresh food.
This is a groovy little deli with good cheese selection and good beer.
The produce is very fresh, and the meats and seafood seem the same too.
And the food is good here too.
It's still got great food, i'm just poor(-er than usual, thanks bills).
The food here is to die for!!!
If you are looking for homemade polish comfort food, this is the place!
We had seafood alfredo & capellini supreme.
The food was a 4, the staff was a 5.
To those complaining about the smell: midway asian has its smells because it's full of fresh food.
They sell dragon fruit, lychee, jack fruit (sometimes), cactus fruit ($0.99/lb!
If it's pasta related or italian deli and cheese related then pennsylvania macaroni co is where you want to be.
Honestly, the place was delicious and but the vibe?
The food court was a little disappointing to me unfortunately.
I really like this place as is close to my workplace and the food is really good.
True italian food, service was great food was amazing .
Food was amazing and the owner, joe, is absolutely the best restaurateur in existence.
The food is always great.
We went here for lunch and got bunch of food.
It was delicious and highly recommended.
Food: 4.5/5, delicious tortierre (quebec meat pie) with duck with salad.
I love the hot food take out counter.
The food is good but not amazing.
Love our whole foods!
The pineapple ice tea with a slice of pineapple is deli-sh with a yummy cheese croissant.
I love the ambiance and the food is extremely flavorful.
Lots of interesting foods.. great for wine / cheese / olive oil...  not the best for regular items.
Their prepared foods are average at best and their cafe is good but way too pricey for what you get.
Food is fresh and service is great.
Today i picked up food to go because the weather looked like it was going to get bad.
My all times favorite is their big fruit tart cake.
It is dangerously delicious.
Order it for your next event if you like fruit tarts and believe me, you will nor regret it.
Fruits and veggies selection is great.
I love to go there for some of my seasonal fruits and veggies.
Best authentic italian food and atmosphere.
Their specials are delicious.
Fantastic breakfast - biscuits and gravy were delicious.
Large, large plates of food that barely fit on our small table.
I've never had a deli sandwich but everyone i know who has raves about them!
This isn't "fast food" - obviously hand crafted authentic stuff here.
Buy food here, then cook it!
Liberty breakfast potatoes - also delish.
And food always comes out fast in my experience.
Tons of different options for food and drink.
As always, they are a nice place with a unique take on basic food like burgers and salads.
But don't misunderstand, the food is good.
The food is amazing made with high quality ingredients that takes a flavor twist on traditional.
They are always delicious and sometimes they are intoxicating.
Heinen's has great produce and prepared foods as well.
Great juice bar and cool stuff to buy if you're into super hardcore natural foods.
The sub rolls are soft, the sauce is not over-seasoned nor sweet, and the meatballs are tender and delicious.
The staff are very causal and friendly, the food fresh and prepared to perfection.
We ate dinner here recently and we really enjoyed the food.
Cutest little place with nice soft lighting and the most delectable food!
So much flavor, fresh ingredients, delicious to the last bite.
Great cocktail list great bartenders great vibe nice decor food looks great but was here for cocktails
Its a quiet, relaxed place to have mediterranean food.
He fruit infused iced tea is great on warm days!
Sometimes you have to turn your back on the corner deli to grab a sammie with some class.
Seeing as i rarely cook, i hit up resnicks for deli sammies.
Sure, this isn't a full deli or a real grocery store, but it's not trying to be.
I mean, nothing gets better than good, solid, affordable food made by locally farmed produce!
Not to mention, the portion sizes are huge and the food came out so quickly!
I love food (duh) but in general don't love grocery shopping.
Even the lighting seems to make everything look so damn delicious.
Seafood is way fresher (and cheaper) than whole foods.
This is the best selection of fruits and vegetables anywhere in scottsdale.
I first saw this place months ago, and initially thought it was just a deli/market.
There is also a russian flare to the food too which is equally delicious!
+food: hearty big portions of mediterranean food that you can definitely share.
Definitely quality food with large portions and great service.
I didn't really enjoy waiting in such a long line to order and pay for my food.
I think the patty is too basic and could use some vegetables or something.
Why don't you skip the corporate food for a day and stop by espo's (espinoza's)?
And a deli featuring stuff you'd find at a fancy restaurant.
The food is also wonderful.
As lover of all things food, penn mac has it going on.
Jeez i don't even know where to start when it comes to whole foods.
So convenient to i-77 and let's face it, who really liked that old food lion there anyways?
Whole foods has noticeably spiced up the whole shopping center with an excellent modern ft. nature looking.
But let's not forget that 1/3 of the store is entirely dedicated to made ready-to-eat organic and fresh foods.
By the way, whole foods didn't even have to pay me to write this review.
Whole foods is pricey, although anyone going into a whole foods knows that is the case .
This whole foods is located at the i-77 and sam furr rd intersection, easy to get to from all directions.
They have special food on weekends i did try the ajiaco soup and omg !!!
The pizza was one of the most delicious i've had.
The food here is superbly delicioso!!!
The food was delicious and i love that they have sour cream and bacon on the side.
Several staff members took time to chat and share their own favorite food choices even though they were quite busy.
No surprise that they all have favorites because the food here is simply delicious.
The food is comparable to cooking you'd find in italy with quality ingredients that are not for the budget minded.
I've been wanting to have a "date night" at whole foods forever.
It was rather quiet for a friday night but still a good selection of food.
Everything was clean, and the food was great, as expected.
I like it much better than whole foods too....i don't know why, but i just feel more comfortable in here.
The best persian food in vegas.
They also have some good arab food.
The deli counter ladies were also nice.
They bring your food out to you based on your number.
Staff is so much fun, food is fresh and the ingredients are top notch.
The food is exceedingly well, and the flavor and taste are top notch.
Various kinds of korean products and prepared food can be found in this market.
Prices are reasonable, especially those store-made food, much cheaper than some korean restaurants but really delicious.
Super friendly staff, good food, $6 coffee....
I love that the food is approachable and the dessert options are plenty.
There is food is great; all of it is great.
The selection of foods was tremendous and fresh produce clean, beautiful and prices reasonable.
I got my first hawaiian papaya from this market and it was delicious.
The customer service is always spot on, especially in the seafood section.
Food was amazing, chicken pasta and bread pudding, made perfect!
Overall, people are super nice and friendly and the food is high quality/organic for really reasonable prices.
The food is excellent and beers never stop but what i love are the people that work there.
I will go again since the prices over vegetables and fruits were good.
The food is to die for.
There aren't many places that serve delicious gluten free bread.
Service is great, food is great....the whole place is great!
I actually come to loblaws frequently to eat lunch from their open food bar and it's quite healthy and tasty.
Their supermarket buffet food is $19.90/kg.
My only complaint is the amount of food you get for the price you are paying.
The chefs really know what they are doing when it comes to what they put in their food.
We were seriously impressed how fast and hot our food came out.
Right before we ordered our food our table was ready.
The food was even better than the coffee.
Food city has the absolute best prices on produce that i've ever seen anywhere in az, ca, or hi.
Fruit always looks nice and fresh.
Food is great and it is in a great location.
Best prices on the vitamins my family and i take when compared to whole foods, earth fare, and amazon.
They have great organic and quality food options, produce, meats, and even gluten-free fare.
The food is great.
To go which i would too do on a regular basis along with many other "prelibatezze alimentari", italian delicacies.
The food being served to other guests looked great, and our cocktails were refreshing and delicious!
Went to liberty market after a morning of hiking/driving for some yummy breakfast as i heard it was delicious!
Family friendly, reasonably priced, great service and terrific food!!!
The food is incredible.
The food here is spot on.
This place had a great vibe and amazingly delicious food, at 11pm at night!!
The food was terrific, and the ice tea and baklava were to die for.
Very nice place, loved their food court.
Prepared foods:  the best around!
The food was very good!
The bulk foods and spices section is completely awesome as well.
This place always has plenty of delicious options!
The food is always delicious and i love the ambiance.
From food, drinks and service!!!
And i still come here, in a new location ..it's so much fun to see different kinds of food.
I would always go into our local health food store and find any and everything i wanted.
The filling was a delicious blend of chorizo, eggs, cheese, and onions (the salsa really made it pop).
Food 5/5 price 4/5 slight pricey but worth it atmosphere 5/5
On the food side of things, you cannot go wrong with their chilaquiles.
Spicy, flavorful, and just downright delicious...this is what i get 9 times out of 10.
Meat was delicious and bread was soft and fresh.
The food was excellent.
Family run restaurant- incredible food, wine, desert!
Great variety of products, they make amazing food to go!
It is wonderfully season and delicious as is.
The humuhumunukunukuapua'a cocktail was delightfully refreshing and rummy.
I wanted middle eastern food from a small mom and pop type place and this place delivered.
I also got the falafel and it was crisp ( not burnt) and delicious.
Chutney (spicy fruit or tomato relishes) are stocked, too.
Are you a vegetarian, but have never tried indian foods ?
All indian foods are best accompanied with rice or naan---or both---and a small serving of pickle or chutney.
Overall i would definitely recommend this place for mediterranean food when in the las vegas area.
The service is great and so is the food.
Amazing food, authentic italian and real high quality products, my favourite italian restaurant in the valley hands down.
They have a website you can place orders on for local deliveries.
Ajs has a good selection of a wide variety of international foods.
Overall, we like the feel and food.
The food court was just "meh".
Not only was he completely knowledgable about the food, but he was quick, efficient, and extremely nice and professional.
The food was superb.
The falafel in the platter was delicious.
For details, check out my book, the no nonsense guide to world food.
You should also visit here to see the future of food shopping.
Less than half of today's food sales are sold in supermarkets.
I love sprouts prices, i love double ad wednesday's but i really, really love the deli sandwiches.
Very friendly, quick service, food was authentic and delicious!!!
I got a salt river bar for later...salt river bar was oh so delicious!
The epitome of a chartcuterie, just great atmosphere, and great food.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere unbelievable and the over all night a success.
Their (other) vegetables sadly are not as enticing to me as they often look a little  peaked.
I'm weary of the frozen entrees a they seem older and taste older than other frozen food.
I love the india garden buffet food.
This place has almost every type of food.
Great food all the time.
Food vs price is right!
I love the mac and cheese it is very delightful.
So i consider myself a foodie, duh, why else would i be on yelp!
They also give out free samples of food.
Was given tips on food there by staff as well.
The atmosphere and food are outstanding.
It took three weeks but came from vietnam and malaysia and was delivered today boxed up.
The deliver men were very good and we tipped them.
Love shopping at cardenas, they always have fresh produce, meat and great selection at the deli counter.
They have delicious wraps, appetisers, and you can order combo plates of freshly made middle eastern foods.
5 stars for the food, atmosphere & service (after we were told we went to the wrong counter).
Their fruits and veggies are always good.
I come from a city where there is a lot of variety and convenient places to get food.
It does have good prices for easy to prepare food.
But many stores have foods with these faults.
My first favorite for mediterranean food!
I went here on a date and it's not really a date place, but the menu and food was good.
Served with a massive cinnamon stick and star fruit, honey and duquesne rhum (fancy word for rum), i was hooked.
All the food looks unreal, atmosphere is fantastic, even down to the bathrooms.
There is a mouth watering bakery and also a restaurant - kitchen preparing lots of takeaway food.
Yes, aj's is more expensive than food city.
By day, this place is classy-casual with really great food and drinks.
We were checked on, served delicious meals, and even had gluten free options.
Great store and always the best seafood.
This last visit, we stopped in on pizza night, which is every friday and pretty delicious.
They will not accomodate, but the food is amazing and should be enjoyed as they make it.
*dauphinois (vegetable & fruits place) is super affordable, and has a fantastic selection (from local stuff to tomatillos).
That's probably a strange way to describe curry, but theirs just has a "comfort food" effect on me.
And as always, i washed my food down with their delicious passion fruit iced tea.
Overall, i'd have to say that good food, nice ambience, and great company combined to make this a five-star experience.
The borscht was fresh and stuffed cabbage was delicious!
Fabulous food, great house wine, great service, friendly italian speaking environment!
So, my one opinion on the one food item i've eaten, the beet salad: wow that was good.
This was a quick, fruitful trip.
Merchant itself has a dark restaurant and a different layout, but the food was worth it.
The dessert was a small cake bites with fruit.
I think that this restaurant provided great service and i would go back again for the food.
I ordered the flatiron steak with chimichurri sauce, garlic smashed potatoes, and fresh from the ground grilled vegetables.
The food at liberty market seems to have been very well planned out with careful seasoning and incredible ingredients.
Talk about feeling all warm and fuzzy right from the start as i downed this delicious liquor filled drink.
As for the food, i have briefly tasted appetizers and from what i've had---great!
Food was fresh and delicious.
I highly recommend getting one of the boards, but be warned there is more food than you think.
The awesome service and delicious local cheeses took center stage here.
They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great.
So you'll know right away that there will be high quality and tasty food at very affordable prices.
The grilled bread that came with the platter was a nice compliment to the deliciously salty cured meats.
Moist chocolate cake covered in thick frosting of cream cheese delight.
First of all - five big awesome stars for the food!!!
This food is crazy delicious.
I would give more stars for the food.
I could not have been more satisfied with the food.
Mostly because the awesomeness of the food should pair with some seriously awesome service.
In ihop, i expect ihop food and service, and one does not out-do the other.
The service vibe just didn't go with the great food, decor and build up.
This food deserves good service.
Where i think aldi's excels is in the frozen food isle.
You can grab a food tray and pile on whatever food you want to try.
The food court is pretty full for a monday lunch!
This place is a cross between whole foods and williams-sonoma, small scale.
The best thing about wpm is their prepared foods.
In addition, freshly baked sweets and prepared foods can be found in cases near the entrance.
Very very good food, but too pricey to go back.
All in all, the food was delicious, just expensive for the pastas that didn't come with anything on the side.
It is much larger than other asian markets i've been to, and the selection of foods is quite varied.
The food here is so good.
All in all, some awesome food, and some interesting selections not available elsewhere.
The service here is great people and the meat and deli counters are awesome and every checkout person is nice.
Amazing food, the fresh bread is out of this world.
Their meat department is really awesome and they have great choices of meat, poultry and seafood to choose from.
*beverages to try: chai latte and mimosa are delightful!
Between the food, staff, vibes, and location...this place is as good as it gets.
The price is probably what will get most people, because its so easily dangerous to try more and more food.
I have been twice and have yet to have bad food!!!!
Always great service and great food.
The line was out the door but the food is why.
The food is amazing.
Very hip, and the food is absolutely fantastic, the staff is friendly, and the drinks are delicious.
The store is so unique and makes you want to explore the many varieties of italian foods !!
Not to mention the food is sooooo yummy !
Real and good mexican food.
Trust me its really good mexican food if your traveling on a budget!
I like to try a lot of unique things, though, and in that they definitely deliver.
While there are groceries sold here, the real emphasis is on their italian deli and the other foods they serve.
The food they serve, sandwiches, salads and entrees, are fantastic.
When i grew up, i erroneously assumed every neighbourhood had at least one good delicatessen, but i was so wrong.
Leave toronto, & most towns you visit do not have enough good delis.
This delicatessen stocks 18 varieties (!)
Eating healthy, organic food does not have to be more expensive than the traditional grocery store food.
The food is great, they have tons of creative choices and the quality is uncompromising.
Watch out whole foods and sprouts this place is going to give you a run for money!!!
The food is amazing and they serve so much i'm so glad i found this place.
Consistently amazingly good quality food that can be as health conscious as you want to make it.
Love the street foods they offer.
All of the food was fresh and excellent, and the wine i chose with the salesman's help was just perfect.
Their eggplant sandwich is delicious.
Yusef's is my old standby place when i crave middle eastern food, lebanese style.
Still had food leftover, so my daughter-in-law had lunch for the next day!
I mostly come here to buy korean snacks and also to eat the korean cafeteria food.
The prices are a bit crazy for the size of the food.
Most every section has a portion designated for natural and organic foods.
The food was phenomenal.
The food is the better than detroit's greektown where i am from.
During my last visit - we also wanted to grab lunch from the foodcourt here.
The quality wasn't bad for food court style korean food.
I have shopped at food city markets for over 7 years now, and this is one of the nicer stores.
My favorite is the passion fruit ice tea.
The fruit tate is life.... and the key lime pie is everything!
The aisles are spotless, fresh fruits and vegetables displayed well and of excellent quality.
Deli bar is has good selection of meats and cheese.
You can buy fresh meat (seafood and beef).
The bulk section and choices of fresh fruits & veggies are amazing and i also love the wednesday specials.
The $2.99 deli sandwich (made-to-order) special is also a winner!
We were able to do a "one stop shop" with food, groceries and more.
This review is mostly about the deli area.
And also a good selection of sides, and also the typical deli fare.
They have all the best selections of gourmet and authentic foods from around the world, country, and even support local.
Tom in the deli made it easy and enjoyable.
Thanks aj fine food for being a real gourmet store!
Awesome ambience, good music, awesome food, great service, and did i already mention how awesome the food is?
They have a decent to large serving of food that i had to share mine.
Overall, great food; but i've never had my socks knocked off by anything i've ordered.
Better than average food, but not quite superstar status.
The pierogis were delicious,  i washed them down with a european sparkling pear juice.
There are many prepared foods available to buy.
The minestrone hit the spot, and the salad was full of crisp, fresh vegetables.
I usually come here for guacamole(amazing), octopus(well-cleaned and cheap) or seafood(quality).
Definitely check out the meat and seafood section here!
Great lunch spot: they also offer delicious and cheap take-out or lunch items...
I adore the fish tacos, pork and huge burritos(better than what you'll find at most of the area's food trucks).
I got a steak, which was delicious with great flavor.
The venue is a little small for all of the business they get but the food is worth it.
Since i moved, this is my go-to store for produce and natural, allergen-free foods.
The everyman's whole foods.
An eclectic american fusion menu including unique pizzas, burgers, seafood, and more.
Not all fruits and veggies are fresh though, but reasonably priced.
The restaurant and deli is great for grabbing a quick bite, my kids love the meat pie here.
You also have to appreciate the samples of lumpia, ramen noodles, pork bun, and other delicacies that they have out.
The food makes up for it though.
The food was quite good.
The quality of products such as fresh fruits and vegetables is also very good.
They make the best authentic mexican food around.
The menu is small and curated and changes with the seasons and availability of food.
The food was simply divine.
The food is good and simple.
I am really impressed, it is so delicious.
I was first introduced to korean food my freshman year in college.
This whole foods is much better than the one in charlotte.
Deli is fantastic and has a huge assortment of antipasto, cheeses and is better than the standard deli.
They have done remodeling etc... and now they have a sushi area made fresh every day.
I especially like the steak here, and yes...i will pair it with my fruity white wine.
Great food and great service
They have a large selection of meats, produce, middle eastern and indian foods, dairy, fresh breads and desserts!
The food is tasty.
The food was kind of good.
Love it love it love it but its not wholefoods but rather whole payheck.
Most all the food is amazing here.
Salads and sandwiches are also delicious.
Also, food (entree, drink, dessert, etc.)
The plate always comes pleasing to the eye even before you taste their food.
The food has depth and favors complement each other.
But the food is always amazing!!
Their food is fresh, creative, and always delicious.
You can order hot food as well like falafel, gyro, shawarma, and many others.
The atmosphere was neat and the food was amazing.
Delicious, inexpensive, huge hoagie, not ur run of the mill cheap meat either.
The sample salmon from the meat&fish is absolutely delicious and definitely worth a try!
Usually the food is the standout but service is what set it over the top for me!
Ill be back for the smiles and the food.
They also have premade sandwiches, prepackaged foods and fresh fruit perfect if you're on the go.
Great selection of healthy food, but name brands as well.
Also all their fresh and easy brand sauces are sooooo delicious.
Wonderful food and service.
Authentic polish comfort food.
But i like the walk-up counter (ala pei wei) that has good food and a good environment.
It is rum based and absolutely delicious.
And then there's the deli counter, with sliced meat for days.
Good food, lines can be long, outside seating is pretty nice especially during the cooler months.
We ordered food from here to take home, and it was great.
They then bring your food to you and you pay at the counter after you're done.
I had the tiramisu for dessert too which was delicious.
It has everything here from optometry to food to beauty.
As you pass through the pretty pretty smart tv's and try all the food samples..try not to get too distracted.
Though, i think costco's food court beats sam's, so that's why they lost a star...but it's still worth the price.
Their deli has super friendly people ( jennifer, kathy and shannon) will always help you with a smile!
A lot middle eastern food ingredients...spices, candies.
It's kind of weird because it's like a deli/store, but they serve great imported beer here.
But i plan to return soon to try the food.
Came here for lunch, the food was very good.
A tad overpriced for what you get, but great food and selection.
It amazes me that middle-eastern food came to be my favorite.
The gyros are delicious.
The hummus is delicious.
Love to go to aj's fine foods !
Plus i don't have too much food that i don't want.
Chicken bacon cheese deliciousness!
For some reason the hot foods section is this slow moving chaotic line up which is the same as btrust.
Fish, meat, bakery, and fruit and vegetable sections are all clean and a wide variety available.
I recently went on vacation and they were able to move my delivery date and doubled my water drop offs.
I look forward to ordering other foods, such as their pies.
We frequent their deli department and prepared food area often - great dinner prices and it always tastes very good.
I have never had a disappointing experience whatsoever.... and my food has always been amazing!
They have all sort of foods for vegan and vegetarian people.
And for the month of  june you can order online and get free delivery.
The desert menu has sweet & fruity choices of pierogi.
The restaurant has a small deli next door.
They have premade choices that you can take home & boil for a quick, easy and delicious meal.
Stop in for a delicious dinner.
There is fresh produce and fruit towards the right of the store.
The prices for some of the fruits and veggies can be extremely affordable.
There is also a hot food section towards the back next to the meat section.
Food is authentic, fresh, healthy, and delicious.
Anyone who is new to the area or wants to find home made italian food...this is the best place.
The food is delicious.
The food is all well presented and definitely worth the long wait we had in line to order.
Everything was super delicious!!
My dirty chai was delicious and the people i ate with were very satisfied with their meals too.
It really deserves credit for planting the first flag in the name of the blossoming downtown gilbert foodie movement.
They're right of course, but the food is pretty good too.
It can be very delicious.
The coffee bar is clean, the coffee is kept fresh and delicious.
I order from here whenever i'm in the mood for italian food.
They have a wonderful selection of vegetarian frozen foods which make them easy to prepare.
Their fresh produce department has a large variety of fruits and vegetables, many of them organically grown.
Ave maria is one of my favourite spots on bloor for its relaxed, family-oriented vibe to its delicious columbian food.
Guests were raving about how delicious they were.
It was all very affordable, and they delivered the cake and cupcakes to the reception.
Then today we returned for colombian coffee (strong, delicious, and great price) and alfajore cookies (very yummy).
Now i definitely want to try their other food, like the cuban sandwich.
Today i'm having the prosciutto sandwich and the prosciutto plate the food is excellent and the service is excellent
If you want cheap prices, fry's deli is right next door.
If you want amazing flavors and real food done the right way, spend the extra few bucks and enjoy!
Omg, we couldn't believe how cheap most of everything is especially the vegetables and fruits!
Both the cocktails and the food are delicious.
For pittsburgh, this is a fabulous food store.
I like that the owners have worked hard to create a destination for food; they keep fiddling with their formula.
Now, great mediterranian food is kind of a specter in the world or consumer edibles.
Interestingly enough, i searched "delivery" on yelp, and this paymons came up high on the list...
Strange, because they don't deliver.
The food was beyond excellent.
The best takeout experience i've had in las vegas across any genre of food.
They also have a small food/smoothie/juice bar...
I haven't tried their food yet but hopefully i'll be back.
It is really fun to watch them concoct these drinks with all the crazy ingredients (fruits, herbs, tinctures) floating about.
It sounded fun and the food sounded good.
While i know they're also known of their drinks, i'm much more a fan of their food.
Altos blanco tequila, peach syrup, grapefruit and lime juices, seltzer and jamaican bitters.
Like i said, food is better than the booze.
We had portions from their hot/cold food menu which had soups, pasta, pizza and vegetables with choices in each.
The food was delicious and served in biodegradable utensils.
On the way out, passed by the deli.
It's seasoned perfectly and delicious and definitely something i get every time i go to either paymon's locations.
Overall, delicious, fresh food and shinny, happy people to bring it to you.
Beer selection not bad but not on the level of whole foods across the street.
Selection could be better for a store going toe to toe against whole foods.
But if you really want top quality food and drink, no one in the valley beats whole foods.
I love the family running this little gem, and appreciate the quality and freshness of their food.
Very authentic italian, both the food and atmosphere.
Salads are fresh, pastries are delicious, and the pizza (made only twice weekly i think) is divine.
The food is great.
Thank you for the amazing food and great customer service each and everything time.
The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant is great for groups.
I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner here, and all the food is superb.
They have a whole foods vibe without the whole foods prices or pretentiousness.
The food is authentic and they have many options for vegan or vegetarian.
It's in our rotation of restaurants so i'm not a stranger, but usually like more ethnic foods.
If the food does spoil after only two days or so, bring it back and they will refund you.
They also have a large seafood selection however that tends to be expensive like most places.
Also tried the chicken quesadilla amd had passion fruit juice.
Ice tea is tropically delicious.
The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!
To read my full food experience, visit my food blog at    http://eatinganddrinkingacrosstheusa.blogspot.com/2011/08/gilbert-az.html
Love the bakery,breads and the hot foods items.
Their selection of wine, beer, cheese, chocolates and specialty foods is fantastic!
You find surprises like jackfruit, dragonfruit, lychee, & guavas.
Wash it down with some oj, a delicious mocha, or just some water.
The food is great.
The tuber bun was also delicious, but nothing compares to those egg tarts.
I tend to push food off onto other people and i was debating on snatching them both for myself.
The owner (and employees) come from the ukraine, and the food is as authentic as it gets.
I've eaten there a number of times now, and the food is consistent, flavorful, and wonderful.
In the front is a small grocery section which has all sorts of imported foods.
4 stars for excellent food, attentive service, and cleanliness.
The veggies and fruits are always at a great price, and are super fresh.
As we explored a little further we noticed a food court and where they make fresh tortillas.
The best food in phoenix/ scottsdale!!!!
Have had a hard time finding good food here for 12 years!!!
Ambience takes getting used to but the food is worth it!!!
Delicious cheese curds, very generous portions, great service... what more could you ask for?
The food is delicious and it's in beautiful old montreal.
Every time i have been here, the food's been amazing.
I've only had the sandwiches, which are on delicious homemade bread, and come with a nice salad.
They are well priced for the amount of food i get.
So this food took me back.
Great food, busy on a sunday afternoon, but they handled the crowd well.
The facility offers a wide selection of products including cooked, ready-to-eat foods.
They had a variety of fish, but not as much as let's say seafood city.
Produce and fruit are often some of the cheapest prices you can find in the valley and good, fresh quality.
They have this queso fresco that i cannot get enough of in their deli.
If you want some good italian, this is the place for the food.
Stoked to see such a great natural food range.
The food is such good quality and very legit.
So, i requested a quarter pound each of their seven most popular deli meats.
The fish was beautifully cooked, and the salad, though basic, was fresh and delicious.
I met some family here for breakfast and the food was great.
The blueberry pancakes were really fluffy & delicious with an ample helping of blueberries in each pancake.
The crab cake po boy was also delicious; the crab cakes themselves were really light and seasoned well.
Outstanding store and deli!
They had a great deli selection of european cheese, ham, salami, ham, bologna, mortadella, and sausages.
They had fresh bread from nova's bakery and also delicious poppyseed rolls.
The deli counter is full of house made cheeses and italian products!
Food was outstanding and our waitstaff was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive, without being intrusive.
Dearest bilo and lowes foods,  it's not you...it's me.
-the produce, deli, bakery, gourmet meat and cheese sections are amazing!
The veggies and fruits were just gorgeous and reasonably priced.
A large selection of 'real' food... not all this froze and canned stuff.
Great prepared foods and dried nuts and snacks.
Compared to places like fry's or albertsons, this is definitely top-notch fruit and veg on the reg!
There is a decent variety of food choices on the menu from italian and greek to middle eastern.
Overall a very good, economical experience with attentive waitstaff and good food.
The prepared foods are delicious.
Large amounts of fruit and vegetables as soon as you enter the door.
I love that they collect food for charity.
The best part of shopping here is the food...the best potato wedges which are nicely seasoned with herbs and salt.
Offers just enough variety of healthy options without putting you into sensory overload like whole foods does.
They have a small selection of "quick" foods such as sandwiches, soups, pre-packaged salads and sushi.
The food is not only fresh, housemade & delicious, portions are extremely generous.
Super fresh fruit and veggies.
Very good precooked food for when you're unmotivated to cook.
I love all the ethnic foods i can pick up there for very affordable prices!
Although there always seems to be a long line, the food at liberty market is well worth it.
Their prices are a bit high, but the food is delicious and service so far has been great!
Mussels weren't my favorite food until i came to madison.
I'll definitely be back to dive deeper into the food and drinks menu.
If you want a traditional med food there really isn't anywhere else to go.
Food and service both great.
The line to order can be daunting, especially during the lunch rush but the food is definitely worth it.
The olives are amazing, the fruit is fresh, the hummus is terrific and the prices are reasonable.
Great place for quality food.
This place is a heath food dream come true.
They have a large selection of dried snack foods.
The vegetable chips were probably the best snacks the had.
I am a foodie and i eat out every day.
Merchant has a great happy hour, amazing cocktails and beer selection, delicious food, and excellent service.
The food:   i ordered the cobb salad with no egg.
The salad was delicious, crisp greens, perfect combination of chicken, bacon, avocado and lots of blue cheese!
Oh my, what deliciousness!
The food  is spectacular.
As for the fresh food counter.
I would joke with my friends that i'll be done shopping before they get their food.
Very friendly and is well stocked with great fruit, veggies, a full deli, and tons of other stuff.
They also have wonderful prosciutto that paired with their fresh mozzarella balls is delish.
This delightfully charming grocery is proof that phoenix is more diverse than it appears at the surface.
You don't have to come just for the food!
They have a menu that goes beyond the traditional fast food coffee, so don't worry.
There was no line up yet there was a steady stream of people enjoying the food.
The food was amazing french food and at a good price!
I had the brunch platter and got to try a bit of everything for only $16 and it was delicious!
As an added bonus all the food came with a cup of fruit that was fresh and perfectly ripe.
The mimosa was delicious and a good size too!
Produce and meat are the best outside of whole foods/earth fare.
Great food, good selection of local and organic, average prices.
Great sushi made fresh and tons of pre made items in their deli area.
And it's not just the food items.
You buy food:  you get a discount on gas.
Plus their dollar menu cafe has amazing food.
It's juicy and delicious.
Great sandwiches and the coolest night crew deli guys.
And got delicious semi-dried persimmons for only $1.69 a pound - that price is hard to beat.
It looks like a cross between whole foods and yummy market.
It's clean, big, huge variety of european and non-european foods.
Late one night, my husband and i were looking for greek food and found this restaurant.
We were pleasantly surprised to find they were open and serving food.
The menu had various mediterranean flavors - greek, persian, italian, there was even indian food on the menu!
Being familiar with persian food and seeing this was probably their strength, i ordered the koubideh plate.
The portions were huge and the food was delicious.
My husband liked the food i ordered more than his own.
We are glad to finally have a store with healthy, ethically-produced, and reasonably priced foods in the neighborhood.
So when i found out that restaurants featuring my favorite food where opening in mesa, i was ready to eat.
The texture, tenderness, and flavor of their pocket delights are amazing.
Kind staff, hot food delivered to the table and reasonable speed.
Great food and great produce
-great prices -wide variety of foods(produce, dried goods, and frozen goods!)
I always like to come here because the service and food is excellent.
Great selection of food for everyone and super delicious!
I liked that they were a true farm-to-table place...food, service, and ambiance were all top notch.
Food-wise, i went with the warm quinoa and kale salad with a side of cheese curds...both were great.
As i waited for my food, i soaked in the atmosphere.
It sounds like a lot of food--and it was.
And it was utterly delicious.
Food portions were generous.
Excellent homemade polish food, just like your nana made.
Service is wonderful, food is ready quickly.
The simplicity yet high quality of their food is what makes this place an absolute gem.
Very good mediterranean food.
Everything was delicious and portions were great.
All of our lunch sandwiches were really delicious.
Everyone was delighted with their choices and we all loved the place.
I enjoy shopping at copps food center.
Friendly people and healthy food everywhere.
Nice grab and go deli.
I go to here whenever i am in town; the food is excellent and the prices are reasonable.
Nice ambience and great food.
The food is really good and chef dave is always experimenting new dishes.
Being from a russian family, i have eaten a lot of russian and ukrainian food.
It was damn delicious.
I got pan fried which were delicious.
The chicken is delicious.
The pork bones were meaty and delicious.
The broth was delicious.
Usually when i go to galleria, i get their prepared foods, but seldom do i order directly from the kitchen.
The beer was good and the food had excellent flavor.
They were so good that i could see me easily forming a new food addiction.
The cocktails, wine, food, and service were all outstanding.
Liberty market is my favorite place to go for good coffee, good food, good people.
The food is beyond delicious.
The concept is farm de table in terms food and drinks.
In addition, the food was very fresh and tasteful as well.
Overall, merchant is a wonderfully offbeat joint to get farm de table food.
I think florence is to blame for my foodie ways.
Well they are delicious.
This is the best place for mediterranean food in las vegas.
Have had several food options and have never been disappointed.
When i moved to vegas i was advised that smith's was the worst food store in the area. '
The produce is shiny,plentiful and delicious, there is always a butcher behind the meat counter.
However, food wasn't bad, but not great either.
Good service with above average food.
Their food, produce, and meat selection is always fresh, and the customer service is friendly.
Friendly knowledgeable staff and great fresh food.
The staff and the food have been wonderful here.
It reminded me of the old ny italian deli's.
I had the italian special that had plenty of meat and was delicious.
The sauces are delicious.
It feels casual, and accessible with high end food and quality ingredients.
Features i like are  the woodove pizza, french macaroons soo delish and pretty, biggest cheese section i have seen!
Great staff, food and service.wide variety of different pierogi's.
Very few places to choose from that offer eastern european/russian food in phoenix and its surrounding cities.
I can tell the food served here is fresh.
I love their sides of sweet potato salad more than their entrees, and their entrees are delicious.
Food was amazing, staff and service were amazing.
It's attention to detail, delicious eats and creative vibe are second to none.
No problems delivering to jim gould's downtown.
The cheese selection is a total delight for a cheese lover.
They're pre-prepared food are great in a pinch.
The staff are delightful and i love visiting.
I ordered brown sugar oatmeal cake with cream cheese and brown sugar coconut fillings... delish!
I'll definitely be back for all my delicious, cakey needs.
We took a food tour of old town/ vieux port, and this was out second stop.
The staff is friendly, the menu is extensive, and the food quality is very good.
Always have a great experience stopping in here for a sandwich or one of their pre-made items from the deli.
I love whole foods and this is about as close to that as you can get in calgary.
Craft cocktails and some of the best food in town in its class.
The food is amazing.
Great food for the price.
My wife and her brother are from ukraine and all the food is truly legit.
Classy casual deli restaurant.
Farm fresh mart has the biggest selection of filipino foods/groceries i've ever seen.
Their deli is just as amazing with the best prosciutto di parma you can buy.
Similar to whole foods, but yes, i do feel the prices were a bit more fair.
The food was displayed elegantly and everything was delicious.
Besides the friendly staff, the store is so organized, less crowded, clean, and they have lots of fresh fruits!
The food is either locally grown/farmed or imported from italy!
Amazing food, just loud and always packed.
I would definitely recommend the food though!
): the salad bar (4/5), deli (5/5), fresh (4/5), and fried areas (5/5).
The deli has 3-4 different potato salads and you can sample them all until you find your favorite!
The food took a little while but it was worth it.
All in all i will be back to try some more delicous eats!
Took my family here on my last visit to arizona and everyone loved the food.
Looking forward to my next visit and another delicious meal.
Great lunch specials in the deli.
If you need to bulk items (nuts, seeds, dried fruits, oats, and different varieties of chocolates), sprout's is your ticket.
The tangy sun-dried tomato pesto and delicious muenster cheese made for a perfect match with the turkey and still-crisp spinach.
They have many different food items i can't get at the other grocery stores.
The food here is amazing .
We had their white pizza this time and it was delicious.
Good food and the staff is always very attentive.
We quickly got to the cashier and ordered our food.
Once we sat down our drinks were delivered so fast you'd think they were delivered by jimmy johns.
The drinks were delicious and very refreshing.
Once the pizza arrived and my friend the avid instagrammer took pictures of the food, we were in heaven.
They are not quite as high as whole foods but, they are climbing up there.
Lots of delicious stuff here.
I use a lot of veggies for salads and grilled vegetables.
I bring a lot of fresh fruit to work or on my way to the gym.
I had the egg salad sandwich and out was simple and delicious.
My favorite part was the bread, so fresh and delicious.
They have a large bulk foods section that has anything from lentils to chocolate covered espresso beans.
The service was great as well as the food.
The lentil soup was savory and full of vegetables.
I ordered my favorite, the eggplant panini and it is was as delicious as usual.
The passion fruit tea is one of my favorites as well.
However, the service and food is on par with the w.sahara location.
I was with 7 people and they all loved their food.
My daughter and i love middle eastern food.
Favorite fruit pomegranate is at a price that's easy on anyone's "piggy" bag.
The athens fries are delicious!!
I walk out in a firy ball of food coma everytime i eat it.
[15 minutes of fame: "man v. food"]
Great italian food in phx.
This has got to be the most authentic italian food in the area.
As for the regular food, i've tried a different entree each time, and i have never been disappointed.
Ask them anything about their extensive drink menu or food menu and they know the answer!
The food is also amazing!
I sampled the date night fish which was also delicious and the perfectly citrusy mussels.
Great food, reasonable prices and very service oriented.
I was expecting it to be pretty ordinary wine considering the price but it was actually a really delicious red.
If you're looking for a delicious and affordable date night option, definitely check out merchant on tuesday nights!
Fries = comfort food to me and are pretty hard to mess up, so of course i inhaled them.
Perhaps not the most "authentic" place to get mediterranean food, but it's cheap-ish and reliable and generous with the portions.
The food is all well presented and definitely worth the long wait we had in line to order.
Everything was super delicious!!
My dirty chai was delicious and the people i ate with were very satisfied with their meals too.
It's my favorite type of food and i can eat it anytime of day.
My husband and i were headed to the gilbert farmer's market and needed food.
There were several times where i got food that turned out to be spoiled when opened.
Other times i have tried the organic melons from usa and they were delicious.
I wish their sushi was better tasting, like whole foods sushi.
And i wish  they had non gmo organic corn on the cob (even if frozen) like whole foods.
Some thoughts:  -the fruit and vegetables here get beaten up a lot.
But more resilient fruits usually work out!
-the frozen food is priced really well and is good!
Ordering "hot italian sausage" from a deli guy that calls you "babe" is as amusing as sunday morning can get.
Great food and unique decor!
Before i get into the drinks and food, this place is so cool.
So delicious that we decided to stay for another.
Like i said, i plan to return to try their food and will update when i do!
First off the delivery service earns over the top 10!!!
I think this is a quintessential new american restaurant with a casual vibe and delicious food.
Food, and atmosphere are great!
The food that i've tried is excellent.
Everything i've tried has been delicious and up to par with the ratings this place gets on yelp.
Clean, healthy, fresh quality, ton of options, local food-meet-beer.
Does not seem it would be good for keeping food fresh.
Saturday i had a apple and a pineapple empanada that were still warm, and boy were they delicious.
Their food is consistently delicious and you can tell they use quality ingredients.
The "italian fries" are a must and all of their pasta is delicious and always perfectly al dente.
The food is mostly inexpensive, but you only find real savings in the pre-packaged foods like cereal or frozen meals.
The prepared foods are perfect when i don't feel like cooking.
What andreoli's lacks in pretentiousness, it makes up in excellent food.
The burgers were incredible- juicy, thick and flavorful, and served with delicious condiments.
Their food is over priced and mainly average fare at best..
The food was great salad dressing was superior.
Was the best italian food i've had.
This review is just for the food stand outside!
I'm a huge fan of good, cheap street food :d reminds me of being in asia.
Food is fresh and very tasty.
Galleria is my go-to place to grab food when no one at home wants to cook).
We decided to try their asian food festival combo for 2 ($11.5/person = $23 before tax).
For a combo for 2, it was a lot of food.
Had he, this combo for 2 would have been the perfect amount of food for the three of us).
We sat at the bar surrounding their food prep station and watched them make our dinner!
Even after we got our food, service was very friendly.
I like my discount end-of-day food.
Solid italian food - great taste and generous portions.
When you first walk in, there are barrels of grains, beans, dried fruits.
Then you walk to the cheese and deli department.
I try to do as much of my food shopping here as i can.
The pierogis were delicious as were the potato pancakes.
My only complaint is not with the food which really was excellent, it's the prices.
Still, the food was delicious.if the prices weren't so high it would definitely be 5 stars.
While they do have quite an assortment of liquor, the assortment of specialty foods is absolutely amazing.
Depending on the time of year, you can find fresh truffles as well as assorted eastern european food items.
If you have been to a new seasons you know that aj's is the close primo of find food grocers.
I can go there just for the kebabs, the best price around for persian food.
Picked up my food stash for my visit.
I couldn't believe how fast the food came out!
Everyone love their food.
They have a novel as a drinks menu and just a 1 sided sheet of paper for food.
This review is mainly for the deli department, even though i am a fan of the rest of the market.
Come here for lunch the next time you are hungry, use your money on real food instead of junk!
And some amazing fresh ingredients that make delicious dishes.
But honestly i've never had anything but delicious from this establishment.
It's really a testament to the owners that after so long they've changed absolutely nothing and it's remained absolutely delicious.
Italian food, cooked and served by italians with italian ingredients.
The food is incredible.
The food is always phenomenal...i usually get the gnocchi or rigatoni with sausage.
Don't even try to compare this food with maggianos, guidos or defalcos, it's not even close.
The food is always amazing, as well as service.
The deli, hot table and drink bar are great.
Nice cheap food and snacks!
There are two cash outs for busy times and a separate section of vitamins to food items.
I personally enjoy the set-up vons has and the way they present their fruits and veggies.
This particular vons has a pretty awesome deli counter.
The customer service was great as well and i was rung up right at the deli counter.
I am so impressed how liberty market makes most, if not all, their food from scratch.
The staff will tell you where your food came from and how it was prepared.
The carrot cake is perfect for sharing - gorgeous edible glowers and dried fruit on top.
Thinly cut meat, dumpling, bun, fish ball, seafood).
In general, i buy three grocery bags worth of food and it's approximately $20-$30.
Authentic italian deli and foods.
Got a hankerin' for some indian food but cannot find what you need at the big box stores?
Sunterra has a great variety of food for snacks, lunches, and even dinner!
And if you manage to score a table, it's a great spot to have good conversation over a delicious meal.
Tony's deli has been there for 48 years.
Next time i'm in madison i will make it a point to go back there--and probably try some food, too.
Better talk to marissa at the gourmet cheese deli!
Also, goats du rhone white wine blend is delish... definitely recommend!
Donatelli's italian food center, inc is next to o yogurt in bloomfield-little italy - best prices and fresh food ever.
A variety of meats, fruits, processed treats, drinks, etc can be offered.
It's like a mini-meal, although the food court is pretty cheap.
Who said arizona doesn't have good food??
Good people, great food.
Its the best and healthier fruited i have had..
I am into being fit.. and its hard to find healthy and tasty fruits at the same time..
The food is a gastropub wet dream.
I wouldn't shut up about the food, or the ambiance, or the music!
Delicate, with a lot of sass.
Very generous portion, so delicious.
Awesome food at a fair price.
There are plenty of authentic mexican sodas in fun flavors, like jarritos or toronja (a grapefruit soda).
The veggies are never really that great or green, but sometimes their fruit is decent.
Good prices, great produce and meats, and love the bulk foods section.
I filled my freezer with jenny-o lean ground turkey, chicken breasts, and steamer vegetables.
They do have a food court area with yummy food.
They always have fresh vegetables.
The deli staff have been the only ones i've dealt with who have been pleasant and friendly.
They aren't revolutionizing the supermarket experience, but they consistently deliver a good one.
The staff is impressively nice and helpful (especially the deli and front end).
Ordering cold cuts at the deli can be an exercise in patience, so plan accordingly.
I really really like the food and the pastry is amazing.
Food is always fresh and let's not forget the yummy desserts too!
The food was just as great!
The food runner was fantastic too... very patient!
The selection is so well curated and every item is delicious individually or together.
Breakfast is delicious but my ultimate favorite would have to be their white pizza.
The deli has the old school "take a ticket for service" system, but the staff's usually pretty cool.
Glad we stumbled in as this has to be the coolest bar/restaurant/deli/store/etc/etc in town.
Their specialty is mediterranean food--and it's awesome!
In addition to the usual grocery selection (fresh, dried, frozen), there is a bakery, and several prepared food stations.
If you're in pittsburgh and ever cook italian food, i recommend a stop!
Their tuesday night late night tacos are one of my favorite late night foods in downtown madison!
But it is sooo crispy and delicious!!
There is a food court style seating area.
Their vegetable selection is also pretty good and priced really well.
It's the go to place for fruits.
This is fry's answer to whole foods and sprouts, yet at a costco size level.
Food was tasty and their coffee wasn't too shabby either.
So i haven't had good luck with their food but yesterday, paymon's bar staff saved my night.
Goof alternative for whole foods high prices.
Food items are cheaper.
Fantastic food, large portions, nice atmosphere.
The food came out quickly.
I highly recommend starting your meal on such a delicious note!
This food lion is located at a convenient spot at the end of tremont road where park road starts commercial.
This will definitely will be a regular stop for us now for a quick and delicious lunch!
The food was great.
That said - the food was very tasty, we had the ploughmans, salad and cheese curds.
Peanut butter filled pretzels are on my short list of endurance event foods.
Also very easy to find things unlike other whole foods locations.
My husband enjoys the chilaquiles because who doesn't want mexican food for breakfast!
The meal was delicious.
Their unique take on simple meals is delicious and exciting--highly recommend.
I always recommend the food here to everyone i know whenever they say they're going to the strip.
It's cheap and delicious.
Also, compared to lotus food co, some of the items in this store are more expensive.
This review is for the made to order/ready made food area inside of galleria supermarket.
Overall the dish totally delivered... and may i remind you, this was in a grocery store no less!
Not only is it a grocery store, but it's a bakery, cookware, storage, linens, food court, and cosmetic store.
The produce is fresh looking, and lots of fruits imported from korea and japan.
Your third option is to get food from the 'buffet' line - packaged by weight at $4/ pound.
I grabbed lunch here at their deli.
The amount of food i was given was enough for three of me!
The food was fresh and incredibly tasty.
I am from france and i love italy, speak italian and enjoy the italian food in general.
I was happy to find out that andreoli had carpaccio as it is my favorite and it was so delicious.
My apologies (not) to all the us fast food or chain restaurants that litter the valley of the sun!
I mainly stop in for lunch from their prepared foods section.
They have a huge variety of lettuces, veggies, fruits, nuts, and prepared salads.
They make all their own dressings and every one is delicious.
Really delicious food and cocktails.
The food here was amazing!
Buffalo style cheese curds were absolutely amazing -crunchy, gooey/cheesy and delicious ranch.
Pears were delicious and the crumble on top  made it that much better!
Overall, the atmosphere was on point, food was suberb and the wait staff was attentive.
We are big produce buyers (don't buy much processed foods), and this place has amazing prices and quality of produce.
If you are a healthy eater and eat mainly non-processed foods, i would highly recommend this place.
Great food, i love the roast beef sandwich.
Downtown gilbert has become a dining delight, and liberty market is part of the reason why.
Btw, breakfast here is equally delightful.
Cause, korea mart sells food ready to go inside the store.
Reminds me of costco's food court?
Yesterday tried their curry chicken and it was delicious!
The food is outstanding.
Now i can't forget my very favorite person at the deli and her name is ada!!!
Mario & phillip , also make deli what it is-the best!
Great food and really tasty, unique drinks.
The coffee bar is separate from the area you order your food.
The coffee we ordered from the food area took longer and was cold.
Overall wonderful experience, food was so fresh and full of flavor.
I had the fried cabbage perogi, which was delicious.
When i delivered the twins i had to stay there for i think 4 or 5 days.
Hospital food is yuck compared to it.
The food here is amazing, yes, the customer service is not the best.
The food is exceptionally good, the atmosphere that of a small town, privately owned restaurant.
One of my friends that lives in vegas took me here to for some good mediterranean food.
It's a casual place, but the food is fantastic and the service is friendly.
I had the koobideh (ground beef) with the rice, which is my favorite dish and it was delish.
Or if you get the discounted food that they are trying to get off the shelves late at night.
The food was excellent and the place was adorable.
I feel like the quality and price of the food match up.
I absolutly love heinens...i love the selection, the quality of food  and the people.
I was able to load up on healthy snacks and get wonderful meals from the salad bar and deli.
All fruit smoothies with tons of sugar, would have like to have seen a healthier green smoothie option.
Overall, it was a delicious sandwich.
We got there early to assure we had a corner table and ordered some drinks and food.
I like this bashas' because it's local and the quality of food is high.
They have specialty items like pre-made twice baked potatoes and they also have delicious meat like cheddar bacon sliders!
In addition, they have a tasty deli with both pre-made options as well as made-to-order items.
The only problems are that its pricy (but okay we can splurge) and the desserts and pasta are delicious.
We come here for our asian groceries, because seafood city and ranch 99 are too far away.
They have good quality stuff they even have a hot deli.
Food is delicious and they have amazing posterizes also with some persian ice cream.
The food, albeit a little pricey, is wonderful.
The scramble was savory, delicious, and had some great sausage in it.
Food the food is absolutely incredible.
From crab cakes, squash and bean burgers to eggs, pancakes, and sausage... it was all delicious.
I love the food here.
Great atmosphere, amazing food, and great location downtown gilbert.
The food was tasty and the cocktail selection was really cool.
Took my family here for the first time and it was delicious as always.
Restaurant was clean and the food came out fresh.
Friendly, prompt service and delicious food have left me with a great first impression of this local restaurant.
No one needs to eat that much food.
The yogurt cup also included fruit on the bottom and was to die for.
Oh yeah, and i took home leftover fruit, yogurt, lasagna, toast and a colossal scone.
Trader joses mexican food, trader giottos italian food, two buck chuck wine... love it!
They always have a great selection of fruit and veggies.
Think of sprouts like whole foods eclectic little brother.
However, typically i find delicious eats here.
Fresh food great service.
Decent prices on food.
You can sit down and have some lunch at the deli and also a basket also inside the store.
Food and dim sums are delicious.
It has a fresh variety of korean food delights.
In particular, try out their fresh sashimi and sushi prepared foods.
The food is out of this world fantastic.
Everyone works together as a team and it helps food service run very smoothly.
I love supporting local restaurants that serve locally sourced, fresh food.
I went to buy food and saw a deal on chicken breast, the ones that they package and season.
Their food choices are classic (sandwiches, salads, pizzas) and for the most part, tasty.
Even though it was a bit expensive, they gave plenty of food.
Tried them for the first time recently and the food was awesome.
I fuckin love walmart cheap food shopping
This place serve provision to korean diaspora and/or anyone who enjoy korean food.
I come here for the food and the angry ladies.
When the food came, they forgot my husbands bacon and said it wasn't on the ticket.
My one small complaint was that they don't season the food in the kitchen.
It's just not the same when you add the seasoning after the food is cooked.
But other than that the food was great, nice and fresh.
Went for a more fancy birthday dinner and the service and food were excellent!
Incredible cheese and deli meats.
Obviously like cheese, pastas, baking ingredients, frozen fruit, other fresh fruit, high-end and many others items.
Hua sheng had none that i could see on the agriculture and agri-food canada website.
It is the normal smell of vegetables, live fish, seafood and fresh cut meats pretty much anywhere.
Great place to find organic food & products.
Great food, great atmosphere.
I love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious.
As my fellow foodie pete likes to say "it is a check list not a menu".
What andreolis is though is a great italian deli that serves great food using fresh imported italian ingredients.
The food is fresh and always taste great.
It's got a cool foodie vibe and the drink menu is reason enough to visit.
Good deli, warm foods are good.
No real fruit inside.
The meats are always awesome and their prepared foods are worth going for alone.
Love the american scramble and the trick is to ask for a side of gravy for that delicious biscuit.
You can also order the food from menu.
Best fine delicatessen european food in toronto, at the great price!!!
All very good, home cooked, eastern european comfort food.
I would rate the food 5 stars, but pierogi pricing at 3-4 stars, hence my 4 star rating.
The breakfast burritos are huge, but the best part is the red sauce, so delicious!
Delicious coffee, rich food, and hipster service.
Great prepared foods, meat and cheese section, coffee bar, as well as fresh juicing machine.
Good wine and organic food selection.
30% off the "per lbs" hot food section (i.e.
That means no more ordering of mom's chicken and all other "a la carte" hot food orders.
At 7:30pm 30%-50% discounts start on all the other prepared foods.
Melona popsicles sell for $4.48, just slightly cheaper than at food basics which sells them for $4.69.
You wait in line to order then they give you a table, after that someone brings you your food.
My pizza was amazing and my boyfriend liked his food.
Theres also coffee, olive oil, bread, vegetables, etc, but i really can't speak for those.
They have deli sandwiches and milkshakes (including a bacon milkshake!!)
Great food and incredible coffee / espresso bar.
And it's better food, too!
I love their seafood department... the food is fresh, with great prices.
The farmer is so delicious and i'm not even a fan of squash.
On the other hand i have mixed reviews on their food.
My only wish for the market would be for them to have some organic fruits and veggies.
For about $5 you get a delicious, good quality, perfectly cooked to order hamburger or turkey burger.
We get "real water" delivered, which is a high alkaline water.
Our delivery driver is extremely friendly.
All the dishes were well portioned and incredibly delicious.
If you're looking for interesting and delicious food and not a buffet fan, definitely try this place out.
I love sprouts for food.
This excites me 'cause i'm coming from los angeles to a place where asian food/markets are not an abundance.
You'll order at the front, get a number and they'll deliver your meal to your table.
I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for fine and artisan foods.
They're meaty, satisfying, and delicious.
The butter they serve with the scones is so light, fluffy and delicious.
Loved the western croissant, buttery and fresh and delicious!
Such a great place to eat there food is awesome!
The store is small so unlike whole foods, i don't have to spend an hour finding everything.
The food was excellent!
Over all the food and ambiance was fabulous.
The fruits/veggies section has everything you would find at a normal grocery store, but for cheap!
I'm used to seeing not-so-fresh fruit and flies flying around in other supermercados, but not here.
This is our go to spot for italian food in the area!
We love everything we have had here from pizza, to seafood, to chicken and of course pasta dishes!
We ordered the pita bread with hummus for an appetizer which was so delicious it was gone within minutes.
Great food and large selection of healthy meals.
The food is delicious and the service is great.
Lots of choices on japanese snacks, ramen, meat marinades/ spices, vegetables and so on.
I have yet to try the food in the food court area.
Very fresh food and decent prices.
Seafood - they have a good selection of seafood, the people there are nice.
Deli/hot food - i really enjoyed the brand of charcuterie's boar's.
I find their hard salamis to be delicious and fresh.
I like their array of vegetables.
I come to the deli department every week.
Store is clean and they have a good fruit and veggie selection.
Great food and very nice staff.
Great atmosphere and amazing food.
Lisa on the floor, and shontel in the deli were very helpful, sweet.
Food is really good and coffee is one of the best in town.
They have a great selection of products that represent the rich diversity of persian foods.
Not to mention that the food was excellent!
The food was served fresh, hot, and nicely arranged.
The food was really, really good.
In addition, fruits and vegetables look much fresher than t&t.
Food was all fresh.
Food is amazing everytime!
Pretty good food and located in a neat area of downtown gilbert that is fun to explore.
The crepe also came with a small bowl of fruit which was nice.
My girlfriend brought me here for my birthday, and we had a delicious dinner.
Both were delicious, filling, and quickly delivered.
After we ordered, our food came so quick, i was sure it was some one else's.
Excellent authentic italian food, moderately priced, fast, friendly service.
My entree was a thick bone-in roasted pork chop, served with gnocchi (perfectly cooked), spring vegetables and (interestingly) figs.
The star of the evening, though, was kristine's pan-seared salmon with roasted vegetables.
There is something special about local produce and food shops.
Liberty market launches my taste buds into space because their food is out of this world good!
They also offer foods that are gluten free as well as vegetarian options.
I grew up on lebanese food and this place is the real deal!
I like m2m more, the staff is very friend, and the food items seems more fresh.
If you don't smoke hookah, the happy hour is ridiculously amazing and the food is sooo yummy.
Can't wait to visit again so i can try the other food.
I love the convenience of having the food court inside the grocery section.
You order at the cashiers and then seat yourself and the food gets delivered.
We both liked the food, the service and the atmosphere.
I'm a big fan of specialty and whole food stores.
Unless i stay focused, i usually am distracted with all the good food.
I really like the hot food section, and i can take home a huge container of bulgolgi for $5.
Everything was cooked to perfection and delicious.
I love this food store.
They serve wonderfully prepared food, most of it organic.
Great service and really really good food!
Great prices, friendly staff and a pretty good selection of food, with an emphasis on persian.
Then there is a starbucks and a full service deli that makes pretty tasty sandwiches and a fair price.
We really appreciate that they use food from local sources as much as possible.
On to the food!
Tremendous food and establishment.
Excellent homemade italian food.
While we were looking at their cold deli counter, there was a lady prepping some food and offered us samples.
I recently went here with two friends that enjoy ukrainian food.
This was my first time trying this style of food and it was great.
The reason i left four stars was just because it's not exactly my style of food.
I'm sure it's excellent to anyone who knows and prefers that regions food.
The food is fresh and delish.
The store is a weird mix of a whole foods slash loblaws mix.
There are a lot of fresh foods, soups and salad area.
The fresh food section and bakery is worth checking out, and the prices are reasonable.
They have a kitchen too and have prepared food.
They have a much better selection of specialty foods and wines.
What a deal and it was so delicious i went back the next day and ordered the same thing.
This is a nice family run deli.
The quality of the food is excellent.
This market's fast food area has been my go-to place to eat at least once weekly.
They have two types of food.
The meat and seafood sections are excellent.
You don't find many opportunities to get live seafood in the valley.
As other reviewers have noted, there's no need to pull a number when the seafood counter isn't busy.
Seafood crew was friendly, but they weren't busy.
If your looking for middle eastern items and produce/vegetables ect this is the place to go.
They have bakery, deli, butcher and everything else you can think of that a grocery store would have.
Everyone needs to experience their food !!
You order your food first and they seat you.
The fresh blueberries were delightful!
It is the best place to go for fresh seafood (a lot of it is still alive!
I picked up some cool snacks and some great take-out food.
The food is so cheap and good you'd think you were somewhere in korea.
The food and drinks were outstanding!
The staff is great, super helpful and delightfully unique.
They sell fresh seafood- lobster and crabs and the like that swim in a tank.
They have a food court are where you can get dim sum, lunches, and sushi.
I normally don't go there because i'm use to better tasting food.
I love the variety of food that they offer in this grocery store!
The deli is also awesome, but busy.
After recently browsing the internet, i noticed it was featured in food & wine restaurants and travel!!
The rustic walls are painted with fruits and vegetables, flowers, and trees.
And vintage canned foods border the restaurant, while dried meats hang above the counter.
Both were equally delicious and the best i've had.
The service was very good and the food quality was too.
A little funny i think, but it's casual, delicious and well worth the wait.
I had the grilled vegetable scramble, and the veggies were cooked to perfection.
The food is usually better than good but there are occasional misses.
As a lover of middle eastern food and being half lebanese i found this place to be great.
Love, love, love this place--not only because they saved and renovated an old grocery store, but because their food rocks!
They have a huge selection of ready to eat or ready to cook food.
Prepared foods there was plenty.
I like that they always have vegetable sides along with some guilty pleasures (french fries anyone?).
The food they cool for catering looks delicious we can't wait to eat it!
Great food and you feel as if you have gone to a local cafe in new york.
You order at the counter and then a waiter brings you your food.
They have great grab and go food options.
Being half ukrainian and being raised with ukrainian food...
If i'm in a hurry to get to school from work i always stop at gabor's deli.
Their deli is very very good and fresh.
The red velvet cake was moist and the cream cheese frosting was delicious, very similar to la grande orange's.
I recommend liberty market as their food, quality, and customer service were very good.
This is what a health food store should be like.
The food was very, very good.
Regardless, the combination of atmosphere, drinks, food, and outstanding service makes this a place we will definitely return to.
This is one of my go to places for lunch...i love that they make sandwiches from the deli.
Delicious potato/onion pierogi daily special, sausage plate with fresh, not smoked kielbasa and potato/sauerkraut pierogi.
The prepared foods are great.
I'm a very picky eater because of my food allergies.
I usually get all our meat products (ground beef, rack of ribs, deli) here.
Love the deli meats at this store.
There's also a bakery / hot food area.
The gyro (around $11.95) was also delicious, though it had (in our opinion) way too many onions.
Especially when you consider how good the food is.
Their dessert area looks like something in a patisserie some stuff in there looks so fancy and delicious.
Check out their deli and bakery for items that's sure to appeal to every vegan and vegetarian.
We whipped our vivino apps to evaluate wines, bought food for the week and felt clean and happy.
Interesting place ... small and unassuming everything was delicious ....
Awesome food and drinks, chill atmosphere and great service.
They have a large variety of breakfast casseroles, delicious 7-8in baguette sandwiches, and some great breakfast platters.
The food took around 10 minutes to prepare, and during that time, we explored the shelves of latin groceries available.
I'm a fan because for some strange reason sin city doesn't have liquor delivery except from here.
I definitely have to return and try the food.
Getting help at the deli counter or butcher takes a ton of patience, and the checkouts are slow.
Both locations have really tasty food, but i like the "outdoor" area at the location on maryland best.
The deli chef is an excellent cook.
What we tried from the deli over the course of four visits:  lebnah - a soft cheese with spicing.
I love fresh seafood and this is likely going to be my store of choice to buy it.
We started with the combination platter and that was delicious, generous portions.
There was a little mix up with other saldas but, overall, everyone liked their food.
They've got great food selection.
There is always a great selection of fruits and vegetables.
Their selection of fresh seafood, meats, produce, cheese, beer, salad bar.
Truly an italian grocery store that sells food.
Simple, honest food that does not try to be the el bulli of gilbert.
There's a large menu selection offering greek, indian, and middle eastern food.
I love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices.
The great thing about tj's is that they come up with interesting food and snack varieties.
It was flavorful and delicious.
The cannoli  was delicious also.
The udon noodle had a vegetable mix along with seafood mix(squid, shrimp, tiny scallop, tiny mussels).
The excellent beautifully presented meats & seafoods at their original spot is available here too.
Great atmosphere, food and drinks!
The food came out quickly and was delicious.
Pretty cool little kiosk inside the south premium outlet mall they have so many dried fruits to choose from.
I just wish they delivered and unloaded for me too.
Ha ha.. and if they could cook the food too.. well, maybe that is asking too much.
This is my quick-stop shop for convenient purchases and late night snack foods!
They have ready-made food.
My favorite is the deli selections.
Plus they have nice specialty items, food, soaps and such...
The best mediterranean food i have ever had!
Imagine target, costco, aj's, fry's, walgreens and whole foods all piled into one overwhelming massive store.
They also have tully's coffee which serves some very delicious cup o' joe!
Moving here from an area that did not have whole foods, i am in love with this place.
The food was delicious!
Lots of meat and ham, with a smaller size being plenty of food for two people.
I was impressed by the to-go food section.
This place is exactly what i like: incredibly tasty food, curiously crafty cocktails, and super eloquent menus.
It's a discount food store with items that are slightly damaged or almost expired.
For this reason, the foods are way under regular store prices.
Somewhat limited food menu, but everything, including the cocktails, is fresh and served with a smile.
I like their selection of food, makeup, cleaning supplies, and toiletries.
Anthony, my delivery man, is awesome as well!
The food is always amazing and the desserts are fantastic.
Now called convenient corner market and deli ii.
Amazing food, amazing whiskey, amazing beer.
Oh, except for the mixed fruit salad... that looked like it was straight out of a can of dole.
The food was delicious and the service was excellent.
We did all beef pan fried pierogi and they were delicious!
The cabbage roll with pork fillets and made from scratch tomato sauce was delicious.
Today, the young woman working at the deli counter was attentive, helpful, hygienic, polite and made a perfect sandwich.
It was a refreshing relief from walmart, where most folks in this area do their food shopping.
Outstanding service and food
Last note, i have found some food lions have a really big selection of "clearance meats" consistently (yellow sticker discounts).
Larger portion than it usually comes in for this dish but it was delicious nonetheless.
So i come here when i need to shop for my asian food.
Actually, they have a pretty impressive stock of fish, meats, and seafood.
They aren't the best foods in the universe, but it's pretty good.
Good luck on your asian food shopping.
I love shopping for fresh produces and vegetables here.
The food was great, my aunt proclaimed the creamy polenta to be the best she ever had.
That was after downing her second delicious latte.
I like the fresh seafood better than the young location.
As fresh or fresher than dianna seafood.
I adore the hot/cold options and have recently ventured to the cold prepared food section.
I've sampled their samosas and they are just sooo delicious.
Speaking of comfort, their foods are worth the visit.
Oddly delicious food-odd because the location is in a small corner store that doesn't look that reputable.
But then you smell what they are cooking and your nose will tell you-no try this deliciousness...really try it.
Food city is a great everyday low price supermarket.
However,  what the other markets cant offer and food city can is a quality line of authentic mexican foods.
Food city is where i go to get my homemade tortillas, tortilla chips, and fresh made salsas.
As soon as you walk through the doors of food city you know this is not the  normal grocery store.
Tucked in the corner of food city, is a huge tortilla-making machine.
The food is excellent.
Food selections were new to me and very good cheese fresh and delicious.
The deli is as soon as you walk in, right near the starbucks.
Additionally, there are dozens of types of fresh pastas, including stuffed pastas in the deli section.
Like i said, everything italian and food-related, you will find at penn mac.
Awesome place to find all your thai and laotian food items.
My wife and i love thai food, especially the simple things like sticky rice.
And a section for sit-in to enjoy the food.
Large selection of halal frozen food too.
Lastly, their vegetables are fresh and my favorite place to buy red onion.
Food and coffee is over the top and delicious.
Their food smells and tastes of freshness.
They are close to my house and their selection of vegetables is one of the best.
To fresh sushi, produce, deli meats to the fresh baked bread, which i can't pass up.
The menu looks delicious here and i look forward to coming back.
A must if you want real food!!!!
Food was tasty, egg plant sub.
They give you a number to put on your table and they bring food to you.
And it wasn't good food tho made up for it.
The food's quite good as well, but heavy on the cheese, which i don't like.
Juice, fruit, muffins, and english muffins with bacon and cheese.
I love their selection of rice, seaweed, snacks, pocky, ramen (yup, gotta love instant ramen), and frozen foods.
Must visit if you need to make those foods and are in the ndg area!
The food is always consistent and really good.
I'm usually not a huge fan of mediterranean food, if i'm being honest.
But paymon's has some amazing food and a cool, chill atmosphere.
This is the best service and best food in one grocery store.
Great produce, superior organization of food, health food, deli and bakery.
That aside the food and drinks are awesome!
You can find great mediterranean and middle eastern foods and spices for great prices.
Of course the fruits are nice and fresh.
And if it wasn't just the food that would blow you away in itself, they even serve alcohol!!
The food was good but nothing out of this world.
The pork pappardelle was good and the house-made ricotta was delicious!
Their cheese selections blows any main competitor away as well as their prepared food.
Some boxed foods are priced better here than anywhere else.
Produce is great..the fruit this time of year is especially good.
Excellent food & service here.
The food - fantastic the atmosphere - casual, comfortable and fun it's overall a great place to meet and eat.
The turkey meatloaf in the deli  is sooo yummy.
They have a huge selection of fresh deli items.
Both were delicious and wonderfully flavored.
Desserts were delicious - dark chocolate pound cake and an apple crisp.
You may be asking yourself - why go here when delis are usually so expensive?
Decor and ambiance 5/5  customer service 5/5  price 4/5  selection of products 4/5  tastiness of to go foods 5/5!
Holy crap...this place freaking huge :) lots of stuff they even got small boutiques and food court here.
We shared a wonderful simple salad and the seafood pasta special.
Love the fact that i can go in get food and an outfit for the kids in the same place.
Feels authentic italian and is delicious.
Our favorite is the grilled calamari which is just so delicious.
The grilled calamari is cooked to the perfection; never chewy and the sauce is amazing so light and delicious.
They sure are delicious!
If you love italian food, it doesn't get any better or more authentic.
This place is the best italian food store i've seen anywhere in the us.
The food was amazing!
We went on a friday night and there as a live accordion player that was a delight.
The food was excellent will come again.
The employees are pleasant and the food bar is fresh and tasty.
Merchants also sell farmer's preserves like fruit ketchup and jam.
Outstanding food very affordable and a great atmosphere.
The service is great and the food is even better.
The food, the drinks and the service were exceptional!
My only complaint is the portion sizes....because i didn't want the food to end.
My husband and i have been here twice, and each time the food was terrific.
Great place with great food -
I would like to see more organic and speciality health foods.
They have a market attached with a lot of cool euro foods.
Cheeses, deli, prepared, section in the area.
Every review talks about the good food but let's start elsewhere, the bathrooms.
And as for the prepared food counter, i looked often and thought it looks great but never bought anything.
They have lots of nuts and dried fruit.
Usually nothing organic; instead a lot of picked over conventional veggies and fruits.
I am a food connoisseur and i must say that this place is dynamite!
I do love the food court though.
Didn't give the 5th star only because i didn't try any food, but drinks were great!
The food is always great the atmosphere is amazing.
If it's your birthday you also get $10 worth of free food.
There's always something wonderful waiting to be discovered-fantastic gift items,  specialty foods, hard to find ingredients.
The service was great and the food was out of this world.
Upon entering, the deli is on the right.
Buffalo mozzarella or seafood salads are my weakness here.
The rest of the store is an italian delight.
It's clean, organic, friendly, sushi bar and amazing deli.
You will see a wide variety of fresh vegetables, fish, and meat.
Would love it if they had a sandwich deli!
Food was good, took a while to get but i came on a friday night so that might be why.
The food here is delicious!
Whether you come for coffee, breakfast, lunch or dinner, i love all of the food that i try and order.
You order at the register and they give you a number and bring out your food.
Food is overpriced for the quality.
Vons is the place to go for food and anything you need in a shot amount of time.
But the food was great and we shall return...maybe for dinner next time.
This place is one of the saving graces of pittsburgh food shopping.
They even have the requisite flirty cheese/deli guys.
The provolone at deli counter is really exceptional.
The starbucks inside is a 5 star rating for me as well as the meat department, deli, and bakery.
Best food hands down i have tasted while living in the phoenix area.
Extremely authentic, extremely delicious.
Not my kind of food.
Then in the back it looked like a deli or meat case.
Extremely reasonable for the quality of the food.
I love this place, that is, the selection and randomness of the food.
It's super cheap and they offer a variety of fresh veggies and fruits.
It's also the spot to go get everything you need to make mexican food, even specialty items.
They also have a great taqueria with delicious and inexpensive tacos.
I bought a lot of fruits and veggies and seafood from there.
Great selection of mexican products and the marinated taco meat was delicious, and pre-diced!
I can't tell you how good and fresh this food is.
(most items freeze well)  the service is great, the delivery is timely and the price is right.
Homey and delicious mediterranean food...
The food is incredible and locally sourced, and they have the best drink menu in town.
Pinot project pinot noir was delicious!
This is a nice fry's location with a big deli, bakery, and cheese section.
Also, the dipping sauce that accompanies their fries is equally delicious.
The herbs and spices with the wonderful meat, potato, vegetables, and the not-too-rich béchamel.
All the meats are delicious and juicy.
All of these options are essentially the same - gyros, vegetables, rice/pita - and it just depends on my mood.
Service is always nice and we've never had any trouble with our food or bill.
And it's delivered straight to your door!
What a fun middle eastern grocery and deli!
The food was delicious and the desserts were amazing.
Quick trip is a great place for a quick gas and go, or a fast food stop.
Admittedly, i still miss the original food-stand; but, it's all good.
The new one is very good mexican food.
Andreoli is a must go restaurant... food is legit folks working there legit.
The food was truly amazing
In addition to having amazing food, breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert, this place has 5 star customer service.
Great food and great people that work there.
Very nice and simple with a cool bar to the right and food ordering to the left.
Nice that you order, take a number and they bring your food to you.
She claims it was delicious.
The food, like the hookah, is top rate.
Delicious sandwiches, excellent cannoli, and really charming, old school italian deli like i remember from living in brooklyn.
I've learned a lot about mediterranean foods since my first visit in 2013.
Great food, great choices and just a jewel of a place for lunch or dinner.
The food is always wonderful and the service is too.
Barely warmed, but the sprouts pairing made a delish match.
Wasn't the highlight of the meal, but gave me an airy angel food-ish finish to the event.
Sprouts has an awesome selection of food and other goods.
Deli is so slow and rude
Good solid food, i tend to over order when going here.
The street food on the weekends is great for those looking for some korean comfort food.
I'm so glad to support a business that takes food seriously.
I prefer shopping here then whole foods and i love whole foods!
I feel like aj's was the original whole foods in phoenix.
Anywho, their selection of fruits and veggies is beautiful.
Really, just a great place, great food, amazing service, and the prices are reasonable.
Great place if you're looking for something delicious but not heavy.
My wife and i came here for dinner and the food was very tasty.
The food here is just stellar.
Pretty standard food lion with 1980's suburban strip mall written all over it.
I like there selection of meats too and differ ethnic foods.
Pretty cool place, alot of all natrual products and many healthy food choices.
Good food, good employees.
This place has 4 different types of ethnic food for a great price.
Great, classic food with a twist.
Unique, fun, clean convenient, and great food!
It does price matching against other supermarkets within the area (metro, food basics, etc.).
They have delicious loose leaf teas!
This review is for the sam bok food stand.
These little thingers are delicious, and they're only $3.
So moist, delicious and full of flavor.
From frozen food to alcoholic beverages to homegoods to coffee and coffee tumbler cups, i'e had good experience.
They have good food in the deli area and lots of lunch meat and yummy sweets as well.
For a bar/restaurant, the food is quite delicious!
My favorite mediterranean food place in las vegas!
Everything is made fresh and delicious.
Everything was delicious, service was great, everyone is so nice.
Cozy atmosphere - definitely a place to relax and enjoy the food.
This is my one stop shop for fresh food for summer grilling.
The menu looks delicious but i keep getting empanadas!
Very friendly and they also have a mini market section of colombian/ latin foods!
One of these days i may try their food.
I love asian supermarkets because of all the prepackaged/prepared food options, and galleria is no exception.
They have the best dollar menu for hot food in mesa.
Oh yeah, the food!
At $6.99 it is reasonable priced, delicious and filling.
They also cater and deliver.
La poblanita is a great little mexican place in the plaza fiesta food court.
The tacos also looked delicious and they serve horchata!!
Look for it behind the playland area in the food court.
So cheesy and lots of delicious garlic oil with parsley.
The food is pretty consistent.
But you do get better quality food than a chain restaurant.
I have always wondered what a food city was.
I always thought it was like a food court like the ones at the mall.
Only until my friend told me that a food city was a grocery store where they sell mexican goods.
French onion soup was delish and i got the smoked meat on a french baguette which was yummy!
The food is so fresh and they have a way of taking something simple and making it something extraordinary!
Food is always fresh, the staff's attentive, the place is always clean.
Entering the deli, it was very nice inside - very comfortable looking and small, with a few tables.
I have gone back several times and  tried different sandwiches and pastas, and everything i have had is delicious.
But if i am craving authentic italian food, and am out for a walk, i go to andreoli's.
Wonderful place in the center of s food court.
Lots of free samples, somewhere around 80 kinds of dried fruit, gluten free, spicy, all kinds.
Generally fresh produce and fine deli.
As usual the food is delicious and the customer service is superb!
They have a nice selection of wine, cheese, european candy, gourmet food, and awesome baked goods.
The menu was printed papers put inside of protective covers to avoid liquid and food stains.
There are not words to describe exactly how good this food was.
The food was prepared exactly how my family has made it for generations.
The service was awesome, the food delicious and simple with fresh flavors and reasonable prices.
Hubby and i shared the large slice that chef brought to the table and it was delicious.
Food is delicious and simple.
Drinks better than food.
Reason i dinged a star was i got food after several cocktail outings, and it was just ok.
The fruits and vegetables section is huge and they have a larger variety and amounts.
My only suggestion would be to have more samplings and food suggestions.
Trust me, you will be the food star of the day!
I have had there to go food twice.
This is some of the best italian food you'll eat anywhere in the united states.
Giovanni, the owner, is opinionated and does not want his guests to eat inappropriate combinations of food.
Staff, food, and experience is awesome.
The food is awesome.
If you are craving persian food at 2 o'clock in the morning , this is your go to place!
The food portion was definitely more than i anticipated, but prices were very reasonable because of what was given.
Although the location is quite far from me, i would make the travel there just to purchase the food.
The food and the service was great.
Overall it's a perfect little gem of a store that has well priced, wide selection of organic and health-food products.
Venture to the back and you will find a butcher and an area where you can order some food.
I checked out every aisle and deli case upon my first visit.
I thought the food was pretty decent.
I'm there for food not looks.
Their deli counter is unbeatable--certainly better than the aforementioned giant eagle.
Food has always exceeded expectations.
The store carries all kinds of oriental food, products, etc.
Bustling, filled to the brim persian market with an eat-in and take out deli.
The place has style and good food.
Does food taste better on a square plate?
Does food taste better when sitting on vinyl green booths?
Both the food and the beverage program are built on a foundation of ingredients and presentation.
Keep the fruit, chips, bottled water, beans, etc coming.. you guys are the best joe
Get in here and get some good food quick and easy.
Like a whole foods back home- but more personable.
Coffee and food was all good.
Long story short that sandwhich was delicious...only 2 bucks and some change...and put me and my bf to sleep!
They also have someone who grilles on summer weekends and the food is awesome.
I love, love, love trader joe's...great quality food at great prices!!!
The highlight for the store is the food court on the second floor.
They offer delicious korean / japanese dishes.
Anyway, the food is quite tasty!
I get most of my fruit and vegetables from this store.
About the only thing i'd like to see improved is the frozen food selection of tv dinners.
We went primarily for the food at the cafe.
I had the beef shawarma which was delicious and tender.
The food is creative and the service is always good.
The good: food is actually really good!
The desert, salad bar, iced tea, and sushi is delish!
The folks working the deli & juice area have always been very friendly & helpful with recommendations.
The best selection of cheeses, deli meats, and spices pittsburgh.
The dining area next to the store area is spacious and the food was scrumptious.
They have a great cheese selection, and a descent amount of organic foods.
I also love the variety of frozen foods, including a great selection of fish.
Only italy has equally as good food!
Hands down, the best and most authentic italian food i have ever had anywhere!
No filler, no crap, just great freaking food!
However, i ordered and received my food in a reasonable amount of time.
Pre-paired food section is amazing.
This place is great if you're a dry fruit  & healthy sweet lover.
They always have fresh food at amazing prices.
Our newbie friends were so happy with the food and the service.
Now i have no need to make the trek into cleveland for my foodie needs!
Needless to say our food took forever to arrive and then paying our bill took forever.
Not that the food wasn't good - we just don't have an endless lunch hour.
They make the food and you will eat it.
There is a fairly large hot/cold food station in here.
There's shrimp, glass noodles, spicy fish, veggies, kimchee, different meat options...you get the food picture.
And it's pretty decent food!
Along the counter they keep their cold food (perfect for lunches at work) dumplings, meals to go kinda deals.
Nature's emporium is a good place to shop if you are into organic and natural food!
You would think you're in italy based on the inside atmosphere and food.
Great deli selections and market items to choose from.
Food tastes just like it was made fresh in italy.
While it can be quite crowded and loud, the food makes up for it.
The aloo tikki's are delicious too.
The bakery section and deli have recently been redone and are great!
The if you go to the seafood section there are usually similar deals.
(if you can go daily you can have cheap fresh food daily!)
The food is always good and the sides are rotated so i seem to always try something new.
The sangria is wonderful, full of fruit and goodies.
We stated with a salad sampler, 3 of which we've never had and all were delicious.
The food was delicious as well: authentic, fresh, and flavorful.
Even though it's laid back i still think its a nice treat and the food is so good and fresh.
You know all that expensive cheese at whole foods?
This place has amazing food especially if you want to sit back and enjoy some hookah while eating.
Definitely check out the deli, too!
It's actually pretty good if you're craving food and you're on the go!
We love european food, and pierogis and meat pelmeni tasted exactly the way they are supposed to!
Came here looking for low-cost decent mediterranean food, and we got exactly that.
I love this fry's food and drug store.
The food was outstanding.
The selection of all asian type food is outstanding.
However the real deal with this place is the restaurant and all the prepared foods.
Selection is huge and food looks and tastes fresh.
Asian food is comfort food for me and it's plentiful and delicious looking.
Food is consistently good with great service overall.
Excellent dish, came out pretty quick, and also came with a small fresh fruit bowl.
My capaccino was delicious as well.
The food is delicious, authentic, and the atmosphere is cozy and perfect.
I know it has become one of my favorite places to come to buy healthy food items.
Great prices on produce, seafood, and other meat.
Thanks aj's for making delicious cupcakes and a 3 tiered cake!!!
Most incredible italian food this side of venice.
It's one of three fabulous italian restaurants and i am an italian food aficionado.
Huge selection of every mexican ingredient you could want if you were preparing mexican food.
They also have a "deli" area where you can buy already prepared food.
Doesn't matter if your looking for great food or just a great not out.
For brunch, merchant is consistent in serving solid, well-thought-out, perfectly cooked and delicious entrees.
In fact, i've tried brunch at several other downtown madison restaurants that have a similar "fresh"/"farm to table" food concept.
We had the cheese plate (delish, but a bit pricey) and some amazing cocktails.
This is basically a specialty grocery store for anything that has to do with mediterranean food!
I have to say, he has perfected the soup du jour-it has been delicious no matter which one we try.
The food was amazing.
Once again, the iscuye has located a delightful locally owned business in an unassuming strip mall with delicious food.
Absolutely amazing from the service to the drinks and food just all around a great place
The food is the most authentic around.
Both the meals were delicious!
I haven't tried the food yet but i just might give it a try!
Hole in the wall, neighborhood gem that serves authentic italian food.
Impressed with their expresso bar food and service.
Love the freshness of the food.
All of the pierogis were delicious!
Delicious, authentic, and the type of food you'll crave again!
I think this is the best place to get authentic italian food in the valley.
Everything is always delicious.
The breading was good and the ranch was delicious!
Food and service were both great.
The food is consistently yummy, especially the chicken curry and athens fries!
The food was extremely delicious!
The calamari was so delicious it did not need a sauce.
Had a delicious wood fired oven pizza featuring schreiner's italian sausage, which i assume to be a local company.
I also poached a couple of meatballs from someone's pasta plate and they were juicy, delicious and tender.
The food was great.
The selection and quality of food is top-notch.
The staff is very courteous, and the food is so fresh and tasty.
The staff are friendly and helpful - and the cakes and bagels/pastries are delicious and made in house.
Best place in charlotte for smoothies and health food.
Go with a few extra minutes and check out this hole in the wall local health food store and bar.
Good food and services.
Not only do they have unique foods to try, but the prices are great too.
There is also a deli attached.
But the food selection looks good.
The food is flavorful and delicious with the perfect balance of seasonings.
To me, this is what a true food cart experience is - fast, cheap, delicious.
Good selection of food overall- you're sure to find some good deals.
Their fresh pasta is delicious.
We were going to an evening lecture at unlv and wanted a casual dinner, but more than fast food.
Even without the drama of the fire, the dish, served with really good pita bread, was delish!!
Food very nicely done and tasty.
I was super pleased to see the both of the hot food cases, coffee and donuts full at 5 am.
The bathrooms are just as fun (and borderline creepy) as all the other :) food = amazing!
Food is always prepared correctly and has great flavor.
Excellent selection of food choices (with food options you normally can't get elsewhere) with friendly and knowledgable service.
If you love mexican food,  you owe it to yourself to try this place.
Sought this place out after seeing it on triple d as i was craving some authentic italian food.
2nd floor sells mainly cooked food and bread and pastries.
Both were delicious, she also had the meatballs in tomato sauce and had the kielabas.
Service was excellent and atmosphere was enjoyable, put this one on your list if you're a foodie.
It has a courtyard with great atmosphere, wonderful food and what i deem very reasonable prices.
The chicken curry was a food-gasm to me from the very first bite.
Came here on a saturday night for some beers and food.
The food was great!
Very pleased with the food overall.
The only food items they could salvage were now safely in their refrigeration units in the back.
As others have noted, this is only a small deli with four tables.
They have the freshest seafood here that you have to see for yourself.
That's what drew me in....  my first impression of the place was that it's a smaller version of whole foods.
Lots of choices for organic food and high quality products.....perfect!
We ordered our food, got our drinks, sat down, and our food arrived about 10 minutes later.
* it is a little on the pricey side but the food is definitely worth it!
Pro's:  -service -pizza crust -fresh fruitful use of ingredients -price...dinner, dessert, drinks = $35.
Great grocery selections and a decent chinese food court inside.
The food is very clean and so are the products.
Very good quality of meats, veggies and fruits.
The carrot cake was delish.
It had a saltine bottom and delicious butterscotch and chocolate layers.
The food bar is extensive: salad, pizza, asian, hot foods (american), sandwiches, desserts, you name it!
The food was fresh, even on saturday evening, when we went there.
Where you bought food only.
Delicious and authentic foods straight from the coast.
A basket of complimentary delicious bread was placed before us with a dish of herbs in olive oil.
His polish porter beer was dark and delightful.
Dj's on the deli counter.
I really love this place and with the small menu and prices, i have really high expectations for the food.
They have every ingredient that i have ever seen in my indian cookbooks, whether fresh vegetable or packaged spice.
I haven't tried their prepared foods, but i would prefer to cook my own anyway.
Hummus delicious they brought me cucumbers instead of pita bread.
You must try the rice pudding amazing creamy delicious
After we ordered it did not take long for our food to get to us though.
They also have the deli, which appears to be clean that morning.
The fruits and vegetables were very fresh and colorful.
Better bulk section then whole foods and agin the prices are lower from everything even organic.
The only thing i would say is they need to expand organic vegetables but they have basic organic veggies.
Just keep it fresh (hate limp veggies) and lower than whole foods and this place will stay around.
They carry a fantastic variety of food and always have fully stocked shelves.
They have some terrific precooked foods that are absolutely delicious.
90% of markets rework there food.
Deli - everything is made fresh and there!!!
Loving this afternoon delight!
The coffee is good, but the focus of the restaurant is on its food (makes sense).
If only i could have stopped myself before eating all the food.
We spent somewhere around $100 for it all, and that included delivery to our venue.
Bon marché de quartier, il y a de tout et frais: boucherie, première moisson, aliments merci, poissonnerie, fruiterie, fromagerie...
My fiancé and i are from louisiana so we take food seriously!
The atmosphere was fantastic and the food was delicious!
Again, the staff was nice and friendly and arranged for the desert to be brought out after our food.
After a while our food came out and the presentation was wonderful.
And like i said, the food in general has been solid if not spectacular.
Their fresh food counter is amazing, don't pass it up.
There is vitamins, drinks, wnes, beers, fresh veggies and fruits, baskets, fun things, makeup...    go there.
It's a fresh alternative to whole foods...  and a bit more relaxed shopping environment as well.
Heinen's is always super dependable for prepared foods, a beautiful cheese selection and legit wine options.
I've only dined for dinner once, and had a special that was absolutely delicious!
Oh, and the food is fresh, amazing and creative.
This is a very generous portion of food, freshly cooked and way way better than mcdonalds.
2) friday and saturday deli meat specials.
Make this your friday lunch spot and your deli savings will buy your lunch.
I like the organic vegetables.
The frozen food is really impressive.
In the frozen food section the frozen pasta dishes are good.
The artichoke spinach dip is delicious.
I wish they would assure us that their food is free from gmo...like label their foods.
And i don't want it in my foods.
Coupled with some breakfast potatoes and a biscuit and it was plenty of food.
Also the side dish of zucchini bread with the icing on it...delightful.
Delicious food, from the garlic bread through the entrees and even dessert!
I will have to say that the food is good.
All of these dishes were well executed with the risotto having a delightful texture and richness.
I'm never sure, if i come here for the atmosphere or the food.
I would say that atmosphere edges out food slightly, but not by much.
Their sandwiches during lunch time are delicious.
I absolutely loved this place and the food.
We typically do our grocery shopping at whole foods but will stop here if we aren't close to one.
It looks like an italian deli on the inside with soccer playing on a tv in the background (classic).
Real italians preparing and serving your food.
Their hummus was amazing and all of the other sample foods tasted good.
You will find lots of fresh produce, hot and cold prepared foods, baked goods, meats, beverages, and groceries.
Full wine section, sushi bar, kosher section, electronics, full deli, and so much more.
Tons of selection, prepared foods, and so many options.
We ordered the stuff cabbage and pirogies and was delicious.
The best thing is they have boars head and they have the beat deli meat and cheese.
Half of the shelves in the vegetable section is still very empty but understandable since they just opened yesterday.
I also see a seat in food court area.
Vitamins, shakes, food, soups, fruits!!
So sad michelle's diner is closed.the food was good and the prices were better..i will truly miss this place
It is the addition of the deli they just opened up.
He makes the best mexican food ever.
However, this week, i discovered their hot, prepared food counter.
Located right next to the deli, they have a great selection of entrees and side dishes for purchase.
I spoke at length with the chef, andrew, who was an absolute delight.
The food is hot, fresh, well prepared, and tasty!
Still a great place to shop for my asian food stuffs.
Staff is good, prices are usually pretty good too (see: sales) and there is a huge food section here.
We ordered some food from fresh deli and they made it fresh.
So many local foods to choose from as well as italian imports.
And everyone should be so lucky to have a food city close by.
It's a food market.
Prices are regular and/or seldom on special on name brand items, and over packaged and processed foods.
The feel of the store is similar to what a "tianguis" or out door food market would be in mexico.
Omg so delicious.we tried the pork and potato cheese jalapeno perogis.bought them frozen and prepared at home.def will go back!
The deli section here is just amazing and i love the weird layout.
24 hr operation and the bright lights shine proudly on the assorted nuts, baklava and dried fruits for your choosing.
Delivery guys is friendly and helpful.
They have great customer service and also the only water delivery service that carries real water.
My sandwich was delicious - perfectly toasted bread with lots of meat.
Their white pizza is also delicious, and their apricot chicken is another favorite!
They also have plenty of vegetable side options.
The sandwiches were delicious and huge.
The roasted vegetables on the farmer tasted fresh and were still vibrantly colored.
Even the sides were delicious.
I love this history, the service and definitely the food.
Anytime there's a hot food on the menu, i'm usually up for that.
Clean, great service and excellent food.
I love this place, where else can you get a 10,000 pack of juicy fruit gum!!!
Don't miss out on the food at this downtown gilbert staple.
It's like fast food but with natural ingredients.
One thing is for sure, they make all the food from scratch each morning - there's no processed food here.
Payment after you gathered your food is easy, except seems crowded and hard to maneuver.
We've been using their delivery service now for about 4 years.
The ambiance is laid back and aesthetically pleasing, the staff is really friendly and the food is outstanding.
Let me get out of the way that you are coming here for the food and the food alone.
Move on because the food is worth it.
This is definitely enough food for at least two people.
Take home some food from little grocery attached.
Yeah - the food is great too.
I had the italia salad and it was delicious!
Some of the individual bathrooms have recipes for some of the food written on the walls.
The chef never rests on his laurels and has weekly and weekend specials that are always delicious.
They have an excellent variety of organic fruits/vegetables, and free run eggs.
Their ready made soup is delicious.
This deli style restaurant has everything you want.
Good service, inviting atmosphere, super clean appearance and most of all freshly prepared food that is attractive and delicious!
The deli has some great deals and the bakery section is really tempting.
Great fresh seafood section, you can get sashimi grade tuna here, come on, how many harris teeter carries that?
Great food and service.
Everything was incredibly fresh and delicious.
I tried the tiramisu with a cappuccino and it was delicious.
Most of the stores here are food-related though there is a dollarama and archambault.
When it's too cold for the farmer's market you can choose to go to fruiterie 440 instead.
Have i mentioned the food?!?!
Food: delicious, authentic, reminded me of my mom's home cooking and this warmed my soul.
The borsch is delicious.
The lettuce cabbage salad with dill and feta cheese was delicious (i think this is included with the entree purchase).
The beef cabbage roll was delicious and the perogies were really nice as well.
Prices are quite reasonable and are better than the organic food sections at major grocery chains like loblaws.
Another fantastic example of a local food retail center.
Anything related to great tasting food, can be found under this roof.
I give the restaurant more stars because looks cool, but i give food a "3".
The food is just perfect.
If you are looking for truly authentic fast casual italian food in scottsdale look no further.
Deli meats are usually sliced to my satisfaction.
Lastly , the salad and fruits were fresh and juicy .
It tastes sweet but delicious .
I love their deli, which has the largest selection of olives that i have seen.
The food was fresh, hot, and wonderful!
We are also excited about the deli items we purchased!
Love their deli and produce section too.!
This frys   is  high end and have a nice natural food section.
Aj's also serves food and drinks throughout the day.
Their food is good but it is the green tea that has me coming back again and again.
With that being said, food vastly exceeds the quality of a deli!
Ask for their special tea, so unique and delicious.
Food is always awesome.
You'll find name brand foods, home stuff and they also have a decent food court going on.
Even some of their no name brand food (which is dirt cheap) tastes better than you would ever imagine.
The item was "knors  vegetable seasoning something i used a lot of when making spinach and artichokes dip.
The food is very tasty here.
They have a fish market, bakery, and a fast food part.
My only complaint is the deli- the service is so slow and it is understaffed.
Love the fruit for the kids.
First time i have been to paymon's - the food was amazing!
The food is out almost always 5 min after sitting down at our assigned table.
Great foods for lunch and i strongly recommend the iced teas they are cheap and delicious
Take a step back in history while enjoying some excellent food and drink.
Very good food with large portions for a fair price.
It tasted like authentic mediterranean food !
Cocktails are king at this establishment, but the food is worth noting as well.
:)  although everyone should stop by merchant simply to try the cocktails, the food is something that shouldn't go unnoticed!
Staff is friendly and food is great.
Be sure to check out their cooked foods section as well.
All i can say is, delicious!
Never had pierogi before and can't imagine them being more delicious than these.
Melt in your mouth delicious and very reasonably priced.
This is a really clean food basic's.
Great prepared foods, nice deli.
Being a boston transplant finding good italian food here has been a challenge.
The house chianti was delicious, nice and dry.
I gave up on the deli about a year ago but gave it another chance and they have improved greatly.
Best place hands down for fresh food.
What i wish sunterra would do better is season some of their food!
If you want anything for cooking mexican food, you'll find it here, and for a cheap-o price.
Great spice selection and fabulous prepared food to grab and go.
Most cocktails will run you $9-12 but they're almost always delicious.
That said, merchant also makes delicious food.
We made the pecan-crusted salmon for dinner tonight, along with some fresh veggies and rice, and it was delicious!
The salad was simple and so delicious.
The fresh strawberry cake was light and not too sweet, just right so delicious!
Let's jump into this just looking at the food; 5 out of 5!
The quality of their food is amazing and the service was extremely friendly.
Note how the check out conveyor belts are clean, no strange food stains.
Thanks, aj's, for providing such an excellent level of service and fun food options.
The food is great, have a rancher with some sweet potatoe salad.
Delicious food and excellent service.
Awesome food, great staff!
Its like the tj maxx of health food (in a good way.)
Prices are reasonable for the food.
They have a deli and hot food section.
Have been going there for 14 years and always get great food and great service.
Bit pricey for a piece of tiramisu however it was delicious.
You need to be patient, particularly at the deli counter.
Yesterday i had the picnic sandwich... delicious!
In addition to the exceptional bartenders, the food and service here are good.
Fresh seafood lines always moving very fast.
It's a whole foods.
Which means you're going to pay out the rear end for good food.
I guess my biggest complaint is the same as about any whole foods.
The food is so good and the atmosphere is great.
Super clean and carries lots of quality and hard to find food stuff.
This is the only decent store which has all indian food that's cmu-ites can go to...
Great food and a very authentic "italian" feel.
And my husband had an egg/breakfast meal, i tasted and it was delicious.
The deli workers were knowledgeable, friendly and efficient.
Everything asian (food product-wise) that you might need is here.
They have grocery items, a bakery and an asian food stall when you walk in the store.
They have live seafood swimming around in the aquariums.
They have some really good lunch and dinner options at the hot food counter.
The food is pretty good and they are very generous with the portions.
I will be back to try the other hot food options.
Along with fresh vegetables by the left side of the store.
The fact that it is cheap is not what makes it delicious.
It is the fact that it is delicious and is so cheap.
Check out the bathroom here...great food!!!
It was super busy but our food came relatively quick for being here right at noon.
Excellent food with superlative service.
Borsch, sweet cabbage salad, and a store with a variety of ethnic delights.
Thank you, giovanni, for helping make my son's graduation party a delicious success!
The dog food is always priced lower than i have seen it in other health food stores like whole foods.
Try: - chilaquiles with vegetables - oatmeal pie cookie
I always get order envy and want to eat everyone else's food but my own.
The taste was delicious, and the food was ample.
One suggestion i'd have is food allergy indicators or options.
The food and people working are authentic and care deeply about what they are serving.
The pastries and desserts are absolutely delicious.
There is a wide variety of asian and mexican foods here, including produce for cheap and fresh fish.
When asked if they've been here long, shared a laugh at a very well delivered deadpan 42 years.
Pictures of family everywhere, clustered italian deli and dry goods, frozen, take home and cook yourself available.
Have not been to tony's itallian delicatessen for many years.
Prices are reasonable and there are many other food choices and groceries.
Service is fast and efficient, and the food...simply phenomenal.
Delicious baked goods and a great spot to pick up a quick lunch.
I've always heard amazing things about this place, great food & nice atmosphere.
We got the attention of a waiter and asked if they knew when we'd be getting our food.
(like names of specific vegetables)  the staff was definitely harried.
This food is outstanding.
Their selection of foods includes spicy sausage, taromasalata, alcohol free brews, desserts and sauces.
Similar to whole foods but better prices.
My girlfriend and i came for the first time and we thought the food was amazing.
They carry great foods and brands.
You go here to find your specialty food and or products.
I am a bit bummed they don't carry much in terms of organic foods.
There are lots of delicious meals to choose from with quality ingredients, you know, the ones you can pronounce.
If you appreciate a fun assortment of deli items, this is the place for you!
There's also a prepared food counter when you walk in and has a huge circular counter.
There was a variety of natural foods and organic foods.
Great food (love the pizza), friendly staff, nice decor.
Breakfast was delicious, as well, but we go more often for dinner.
It's at this point when i hit up their deli for a delicious tuna salad sandwich.
They are the most addictive food i have ever had, namely because of a delicious seasoning they smother them in.
The sauce added to go with makes it a perfect storm of addictive, delicious, and bad for you.
Excellent veggies, nice meats and seafood.
Their bakery,  sorry,  boulangerie,  has delicious baked goods to accompany your breakfast.
They have a great polish touch and offer homemade delicacies.
I'll state the obvious- the pizza at the food court is stellar.
I would liked to pay compliment to charlie at the food court.
Bakery, seafood and meat selection is great.
This place is like a whole foods mixed with trader joe's.
The line is long but that only speaks about how good their food and service is!
The food is always consistent and finely prepared.
I get our milk and deli meats at this store as well.
Deli department is always a hit no matter what store i'm at so expect some sort of wait.
I always am right after the customer who has to order 8 different kinds of deli meat and cheese, lol.
From the food to the atmosphere, we enjoy every time we go.
Awesome food during the day, and best deals on marked down food prices at night.
They have huge selection of grocery items, especially hot food.
Will definitely make a point to come here at night to get the best deals on food.
Their deli is pretty nice, i wish they had a better variety of to go hot meals.
This is the best diner/deli around.
The owners are so nice, its immaculate, great selection of foods, nostalgic, an assest to a struggling neighborhood.
Breakfast here was super delicious.
Food was filling and rich.
The food is always on point and tasty.
Delicious pancakes and their french toast is like a bread pudding (kind of).
Really delicious food and you can appreciate the quality of the ingredients they use.
I have been to liberty market for breakfast and a couple times for lunch and have always loved their food.
The food here is always on point.
I give the restaurant more stars because looks cool, but i give food a "3".
They are always cooking up something creative and delicious!
I'm very indecisive on what to eat so i ended up here because they serve all kinds of mediterranean food.
Food was good and huge portions.
It was all around friendly service and deliciously huge portions of food.
A pretty high-end iga with a quality fresh produce range, bakery, great range of cheeses, deli, and supermarket.
This is a very clean and well run food lion.
My past experiences with other food lions have not been so good.
Also, this food lion takes apple pay, which makes getting in an out at the self serve lanes even faster.
That's the best part about this food lion, you can get your items quickly and can get out quickly.
They used to have good boar's head meat, but replaced it with their own awful food lion meat.
I was greeted kindly by the guy behind the deli cooler.
While my order was being sliced, i wandered around the store looking at all of the great italian food products.
This whole foods is not as big as the one on fairview.
I love everything about this place; how its decorated, the delicious food, and the friendly staff.
The veggies served are farm grown and delicious!
I found this to be a great market as they have practically everything you can think of foodwise.
Other than food, i found they have some curious kitchen accessories.
Pizza is crispy and delicious.
Nice service, delicious food.
Always good food... and the staff is really nice.
Great food and service.
Food was amazing and customer service was incredible.
This review is for the food court only.
Almost everything (see pictures) we had was very tasty considering that it is a food court.
Cocktails were awesome, food very good.
Pasta was delicious -- toothsome and meaty.
This food is noticeably homemade, fresh as hell, and tastes amazing.
Pierogis are really delicious as is their sausage and cabbage rolls.
The food looked amazing; the dessert looked way too good!
Overall, highly recommend checking out this store not just to get groceries but to try cheap korean food!
I also like the concept of a quick little grocery store vs a mega-size super store / food mall.
A whole foods that is actually affordable?
While the quality of the food can't rival wf's offering, sprouts will certainly satisfy your healthy, organic and culture-curious cravings.
Quality food is here!
They have an amazing seafood special with salmon and pasta.
Highly recommended: vegetables .
Excellent quality, variety, and pricing---    all as if freshly-picked or harvested; much better asian     selection than ge fruits .
Not recommended: prepared foods .
The food is always amazing.
I like shopping there they have everything from middle east food the meat, vegetables and bread always fresh.
This is a cute little deli with some groceries.
This is one of my favorite places to shop for food in the area.
Whether we come for breakfast/ lunch or dinner, i am always impressed with our food and service!
I personally find their quality in meat and veggies/fruits much better than other grocery stores in my scarborough area.
They have a good selection in their hot foods and cakes.
Cheaper fruits and veggies like food4less.
This review is regarding the food in the food court.
This is probably my go to place for korean food.
You can order things from the menu, buy pre-made food (ex.
And also buy food by pound (like buffet).
It came with a lovely little side salad, and all of the food was faintly sweet in flavor.
I love the food here!!
In fact the cheapest jackfruit ( la yacka) only .59 a pound!
The best russian/ukrainian food in town.
Love the fresh seafood department: half shelled oysters, cherrystone clams, squids, norway salted mackerel and even a whole salmon head!
And of course the made to order food.
And the kick ass spicy seafood soup (yes it is spicy, made my tummy nice and warm spicy!)
If you still hungry, there are free sampling of food everywhere!
Recently i was quite disappointed at a meal that i purchased from their deli counter.
The management really does care and i got back the confidence in food city.
I will continue to shop there because their food is good and it's family owned.
While waiting to order, a host grabs you a table and food arrives when ready !
Huge portions and everything was fresh and delicious.
Very authentic and delicious!
Food was good, but kind of disappointing- not a ton of flavor.
In addition to my love for the bolillo rolls, their thin sliced tortilla chips are absolutely delicious.
Good service and food, including all the classics.
Just heat and go, with plenty of food to feed a lot of people and at reasonable prices.
I find that the produce,deli,bakery and meat departments always have fresh and delicious selections.
Food is great and the customer service is spectacular.
They also sell food, which i haven't tried.
Great food options and portions.
The food is expensive.
And their tzatziki and hummus is delicious.
At 7:30 pm, a lot of their ready to eat food gets discounted at either 30% or 50%.
At 7:30 pm, their hot food counter also goes 30% off.
On the weekends, they usually have a bunch of free food samples.
They usually have one meat sample and one seafood sample going.
It's a mini-grocery store but has stocked all your necessities including produce, frozen foods, dairies, meats, and a bakery!!
The ambience is back and the food itself is better (they must have gotten a new chef).
Great food for a dozen people.
They bring your food to you wheather you eat inside or out.
Their vegetables and fruits selections and weekly promotions are also very good.
The deli offers chinese takeout menu and limited dim sum items at reasonable prices.
It's hard to find a place that can make polish food like home but they did it here!
Food and drinks never disappoint.
In fact, there's no place better for an after-work bite to eat and delicious drink.
The answer is taste market & deli, located on the ground level of the market lv inside tivoli village.
Baked goods include croissants (served with homemade pear or tomato jam), coffee cake, and mini fruit pies.
It's a shame, any way back to publix a beautiful place, great customer service, the deli and bakery super nice.
The only issue i had was the deli was slow.
Between the coffee and the food there's no reason to go elsewhere in the greater phoenix area.
Sooo delicious with the egg yolk leaking all over the chips.
Today we came to eat some mexican food.
The food was good, but the chips that were given to us seemed a bit stale.
They also bake delicious, crispy bread.
The food is pretty good, but can be over priced.
I saw franco harris at this place he was a class act great place to by real food from italy
They were delicious and came with sour cream, bacon bits and caramelized onions.
They have a great selection in healthy food choices!
The food is amazing .
The take out items are fresh and delicious and the grocery is well-stocked with a wide variety of items.
Some of their plates have more food than others but overall everything is really good here.
Even then, the desserts like the cake slices and cupcakes are still moist and delicious.
Food still taste good.
The owners are good people and stand by their food and will fix or replace any problems you have.
They server them with bacon, sour creme and caramelized onions which is delicious.
Meat / seafood - again much better quality than your normal chain grocery store.
Hot food bar that changes constantly, specialized olive, pasta and dry goods bar.
I had to stand in line for about 10-15 minutes to order my food but hey... no big deal!
But the food was terrific and the service was great.
Its pretty quick to get your food once you have ordered.
Such a cute place with great food!
I'm eager to try the coffee bar and pre-made food during my next visit!
They have great food, coffee, desserts and ambiance.
They are $1.69 apiece right now at cardenas, and over $2.00 each at whole foods (of course!).
I was excited to see prepared foods on the premises- i'll have to try a hot meal some day.
We really don't need carb overload when there is such fresh seafood available!
Chicken on a stick and mung bean pancakes are delicious.
Food options are very limited but they are really good.
And the food is becoming as good as anything offered over there.
The food is consistently wonderful and the people that work here are incredible.
I've always been more of a whole foods person till i discovered sprouts!
The only thing they didn't have which whole foods does is almond milk ricotta cheese.
Never had one untill today it was delicious.
The food was all homemade and very good.
Though am not a big fan of frozen food, they can serve at times of ready to eat.
The food and drinks were excellent, the service was great, and the space was modern and fun.
), the olive appetizer was good, and my pork paparadelle was absolutely delicious!
Staff is attentive, the iced tea is wonderful and the food is exceptional.
They're remodeling the entire store!
Although whole foods is my main grocery store, smith's is my back up.
They have a good produce section and a decent variety of organic foods.
This place had great food.
They have an awesome selection of fresh seafood and fish, and the best prime filets and ny strips around.
You can buy frozen hand made pierogis and take home or many other authentic foods, spices etc.
Delicious smoothies and juices.
Have not tried any of the food items yet, though i hear they are delicious as well.
Next time, i'll try the food.
A lot of love and work have gone into making the food as good as the atmosphere.
Add to that unbelievable pre-made foods, rows and rows of wine and beer and always polite staff.
It's a little pricey but sometimes you can get yourself a good deal with locally grown vegetables and fruit.
My husband and i love italian food and this place is our go to restaurant.
Now off to the food.
The food is the most authentic that i have had in a very long time.
Excellent food and service.
I was surprised to see that they had great collections of soaps and even food items.
The lamb sliders were delicious, have a delightful cherry jam on them and the flavors were well composed.
(i love the food next door, but i don't think i'm qualified to critique it).
But if you ever craving any korean food or need any ingredients, come here.
They serve hot fast korean food and mama's fried chicken.
I purchased a turkey wrap sandwich from the deli department, some fresh fruit, and some muffins...
It also is the only food i get every time i go there.
The custom food order takes forever so i don't order anymore.
I love the soft serve ice cream though---and the frappes are delicious.
Exceptional service and great food.
Plenty of hard to find fruit, like durian, jackfruit, rambutan, (and yes even mangosteen!!!)
Here i can find most ingredients i cook for the real asian food we eat at home.
The price is pretty reasonable, especially price of vegetable is really good.
Bean sprouts, cilantro, thai basil, tofu, leafy vegetable, are much cheaper compared to ones in american groceries.
Fresh stuff in the deli, including whole roasted chickens.
The produce section is lively and has freshly chopped fruits, vegetables and precut items.
Their prices are very competitive to other grocers for organic foods and juices.
Fromagerie, boulangerie, épicerie fine, fruits et légumes, tout y est !
The seating area is never crowded and is a civilized place to enjoy your food.
I regularly go to this sunterra for lunch and to pick up food to eat back at the office.
I had a few instances of expired food.
I like the food upstairs, but the ordering system is chaotic.
I've never seen the need for this at any cafeteria, deli, or restaurant.
- my favourite items are the fresh squeezed juices and the bagels, and the yogurt with fruit and granola.
The produce is great, and they often have heirloom or local fruits and veggies.
This is beyond a health food store!
And do not  forget to try out there healthy food buffet.
I have had several lunches there and i love how i feel after eating fresh local food after the meal.
Heath food and superfood nuts rejoice!
The carniceria(meat counter) is huge and they had a seperate deli counter with variety of mexican cheeses.
The prices at the food court were good also.
The food is great too, but really i love this place for coffee.
The food is a bit overpriced, but the pork pappardelle is very good.
Their snack menu features several delicious things, but not at all worth the price.
Like pureed baby food.
It is delicious and i love the southwest flavor.
The food is average, expensive and has small portions.
They have the best deli, hands down.
Be prepared to take a number and wait at the deli on a saturday.
The sauces sold here are delicious and there's a nice selection of produce.
We love our water delivery service!!
They have excellent food and an awesome atmosphere.
They have amazingly delicious cinnamon rolls and they are big enough to share!
It was seriously delish!
When my husband went to pick it up, the food wasn't ready for an additional 25 minutes.
Their cooking is simple and delicious, just like a home cooked meal.
The deli - love the fact they have a deli here.
The selection - great fresh seafood!
Selection of vegetables is top notch too.
This particular loblaws is really clean, well organized, and filled with fresh and large varieties of food.
All 3 were delicious with the only complaint being that the bagel was a little on the tough side.
Great selection of foods you can't find in many other supermarkets.
It is simply delicious and the presentation makes you feel like you are at a quaint cuban cafe.
Food is great for american fare.
Man, do i love a restaurant with really good food and friendly service!
The italia was delicious and a perfect size!
Easily my favorite food hype of the year.
I've gotten vegan marshmallows here in the past as well as veggie burgers and all have been delicious.
Their food is awesome and has a great selection of greek / mediterranean and italian fare.
Walked over and ate my salmon burger in peace and it was delicious.
It was so delicious, i drove back with my wife today to get some more.
The staff was friendly and attentive, and the food was wonderful.
For those who complain of the ambiance of the place; it is a discount food store.
Love the deli sandwiches!!!
The reason i keep returning and even bring clients or friends is, because of the amazing food and awesome service.
Our food came and it was delicious!
Overall, i would def recommend and go back but just for the food.
It was delicious, very affordable and the owner personally delivered to my house at no charge.
They have an amazing array of superfood goodness, a selection that trumps everything else out there.
A variety of raw chocolate, delicious elixiers, and so many healthy and tasty ferments; this place is treat central!
They have a basket of fruit free for kids while adults shop.
The staff are extremely friendly and knowledgable about clean food, paleo diet.
Excellent service and excellent food.
First of all, $2.99 for a sandwich at any deli is unheard of so i was slightly skeptical.
Absolutely worth the money, definitely worth the trip, and just straight up delicious!
The staff behind the deli are super friendly.
The food is actually quite good.
This is for their delivery service from this location only.
I think the delivery should be separate from the store, but i don't see a delivery one on yelp.
Also the prepared food here is good.
The carrot cake is perfect for sharing - gorgeous edible glowers and dried fruit on top.
All the fruits and vegetables are always fresh.
Check out their pre-made food also, i have not been disappointed!
Yummy food and a great place to enjoy downtown gilbert.
Restaurant has very authentic and tasty food at reasonable price.
My favorite grocery and restaurant in the tempe/mesa area for fresh food.
Whether it be about food options or the drinks on the menu, he was solid.
The food well it was good.
We all couldn't handle how delicious our food was.
I will definitely eat here again,  amazing food and decent cocktail and beer selection.
The food blew me away!
Now, for the food... amazing!
Robbie at the deli always goes above and beyond for me.
Holy cow the food here is amazing!
Also has a deli that i swear could be in the heart of chinatown.
This place is fantastic for finding ingredients (regular or hard to find) for homemade asian food.
The bakery is amazing and everything i've had from there is delicious.
I ordered seafood alfredo but wanted to swap out the pasta since i really enjoy the thin pasta.
Service was excellent, the food delicious and there was enough to take home for lunch for me the next day.
Lots of delicious looking free recipes to choose from on your way out.
Reid's is a convenient uptown lunch place with a veritable cornucopia of options and food choices.
However, the four stars is for their hot deli counter and their beer section.
The food is good but not overwhelming.
Food quality is great!
Great food and great value.
This is mexican food more authentic than can be found in the burbs of san diego.
Great drinks, food, and service.
The food is freshly prepared and very good.
The food is not exotic and the portions are not huge and you don't get soft drink refills.
3rd: the food was very fresh... we order the sample platter and were treated to very well cooked mediterranean cuisine.
Had the smothered breakfast burrito, wait staff was very friendly, it was excellent food.
Liberty market is always a great bet for superior food.
The deli counter isn't open yet, and the shelves of meat are only about 25% full.
A must try for any east valley food adventurers.
It is delicious and authentic and fresh!
The food was well cooked but a little greasy.
Good food, fun staff.
Had the farmers cheese&potato and the pork pierogis and they were absolutely delicious!!
Now for the food, the mixed green salad was delicately dressed with a tasty light vinaigrette.
The carne asada is good and the marinated chicken is also delicious.
The food ~ most everything is very fresh and taste very good.
Their deserts are super delish especially their oatmeal and ice cream cookie and their carrot cake.
Fontagne cheese, ham, mixed greens, roasted poblano aioli, and bread perfectly pressed-- i was in foodorgasmic heaven w/ every bite!
Plus if it is taking awhile, just drink your delicious coffee.
Compared to those, asian midway foods would earn 3 stars from me.
The store offers a decent selection of asian foods.
Always love the drink selections at merchant, and the food never disappointments.
They have anb amazing selection of fruits!
I got 4 delicious ones for a dollar from ht!!!
I hardly ever get a disappointing fruit or veggie from sprouts.
Expensive but amazing food.
The little cafeteria/deli section whips up economical combo lunches of real (not "americanized") mexican dishes.
Their carnitas are delicious.
Love the deli section...
The bakery, seafood and meat sections are pretty good too...
The vegetable section is also hard to beat not to mention the fresh bread made.
It was a most delightful libation: clean, crisp, and citrusy.
Plenty to like about this place, and i haven't even tried the food yet.
Great food, always fresh and innovative items on the menu.
My wife and i love their rotissiere chicken, snack boxes and other ready to eat foods.
Every time they nail it right on the nose and the food and cocktails are delicious.
I feel this place is nicer than aj's fine foods.
Great deli, bakery, meat, seafood sections.
They have such a wide variety of delicious products!
Great deli counter, lots of places to sit and eat breakfast, lunch, or a quick dinner.
I usually shop whole foods and farmers markets but i actually like this store.
Great food, wonderful atmosphere.
Their cuban sandwich is delicious.
Whole foods - lake norman is everything i had hoped it would be!
The french onion soup was delicious as well.
This is a place you want to go to escape the vegas strips over priced mediocre food.
I love the deli and the sushi area is pretty cool as well.
My hookah came right after i got my food, so i ate and then smoked.
Food is amazing as well!
Their food is genuine italian food and you can tell by the taste that it's the real deal.
As far as food goes we shared both the athens fries and the baba ganoush which came with warm pitas.
Great food, wonderful atmosphere, tasty drinks and a supurb staff!
When you are craving mediterranean food make sure you check out paymon's!
That is always a plus to go with the great food.
It was so rich and delicious!
I would like to try their other food if i get a chance to visit them again.
Akron's answer to whole foods or other specialty markets in larger cities.
Excellent food, great idea for craft bar  and grocery.
Best food i've ever had in madison.
If you are short on time, there is also a prepared food counter and sandwich shop to tie you down.
It's always super delicious and worth the wait!
The food is fresh, delicious, and the vibe is hip.
Liberty market has some great food and some okay food choices.
The service can be hit or miss but the food is so amazing i don't care!
The singer sang italian songs.. just beautiful.. the food was amazingly fresh and real italian not the crap out dear..!!!
The food is absolutely fantastic.
They are interested in serving fantastic food.
Mediterranean food is one of my favorite types of cuisine and this place hits the spot!
The deli was a little hectic.
I highly recommend visiting if you are looking for a delicious italian meal that is well priced!
Excellent selection of groceries, meats and fruits.
It's literally like a play ground for foodies!
They have anything and everything you could want and the food is so fresh and delicious!
Food is delicious, i'm ukrainian and the pierogis reminded me of my baba's cooking.
Its kind of like a larger walmart, and a foodies paradise!
In the  deli area in the back, they sell the same whole pizzas, except they are cold.
When you come here to eat, each step of the process delights your senses and excites your mind.
The presentation of everything from the cocktail menus to the food is tasteful, unique, and unpretentious.
I'm not big on the hookah, but love the food and decor.
The mocha is delicious and i've yet to get strawberry.
I always enjoy some good mediterranean food and payton's was no exception!
I stuck to the basics with a salad which was delicious however, everyone at the table ordered something different.
They have the fruits and vegetables in organic almost always!
They have a pretty good selection of organic foods which is awesome!
I mainly go to this grocery store because of the vegetables selection and other necessities.
Love this restaurant, great food and service, have been coming here since i was a child.
Great food, interesting ambience, and be a part of the "eat local" crowd with liberty market.
I also like to pick up fruits and veggies here.
I ordered the beef, bacon and potatoes pierogis--delicious.
The baikul drink was delicious, very different another with the tea.
This place is cafeteria style when ordering then they bring you your food.
Regardless this is a great place with great food so do not shy away.
We split a pizza and some dessert items and everything was delicious.
Would be 5 stars if there was a small selection of fresh fruit, veggies, or something like that.
This sprouts had a large selection of products at much cheaper prices than whole foods.
Great location for all middle eastern food needs.
Great service and good food.
An italian deli at its finest.
If you're into fine cheese, check out their "piave" cheese - delicious!
I think i said something like, "geez, it looks like a whole foods" in here!
You can also get fairly decent korean food by the pound at the "cafeteria" like buffet at galleria supermarket.
They also have a hot food selection and you can get fresh hand made dumplings, or korean noodles/pork bone soup.
This place has a whole aisle of fresh produce, meats, and some seafood.
My family and i had dinner here this evening and we had great food and service.
I tried the meatball and pierogi plate and it was delicious!
The only reason i can't give 5 stars is because i have to buy my seafood elsewhere.
He was very friendly and knowledgeable and the coffee was delicious!
I love greek food,  particularly gyro.
I'm sure there are more delicious dishes here,  as it seems popular - just stay away from gyro.
I was prepared for mediocre after reading some bad reviews... however, contrary to those reviews service and food was phenomenal!
From our sandwiches to the delicious pasta rigatoni with sausage cooked to perfection!
Paymon's has great food!
Very greek/mediterranean (just like the sign says) and delicious!
Traditional mexican food definitely lives in this little corner of college and margueretta sts.
No real seafood selection.
Now to the food:  everything is quite fantastic.
The burger is delicious.
Cheap, good food and produce, and they have samples here.
The food was great, and so was the beer.
This was my first time trying ukrainian food, and i was greatly impressed!
So delicious and great price for the food.
Small portions and pricy food.
The food is delicious, pierogis fresh and homemade.
The east valley needs more wonderful eastern european food like this.
I highly recommend the food here.
I would recommend the bacon asiago melt burger... it is delicious!
The baked goods are delicious.
Their food is always fresh.
Just past that section is the deli featuring boars head deli meat & cheeses.
To the left of the deli counter, is the meat department.
Anyway, i really like the deli section, it's the best part.
One of them ordered the pizza, which tasted really delicious.
The cream on this was very delicious and covered in cinnamon and nutmeg.
This place is great if you are buying food for just yourself or you and one other.
Also, some of their premade foods like the veggie eggrolls are sooo good.
All in all, this place is a must, for any savvy cook and mediteranean food lovers who are budget-conscious.
The caucasian man that worked  in the deli department was not polite at all.
The food is incredible, especially the burritos.
Real, authentic mexican food.
Finish it off with really delicious.
They had delicious and comforting italian food.
The breadsticks were disappointing, but the pasta was delicious!
A loud and chaotic space, artful food, good portions, and decent prices.
To our surprise, the cakes were rather delicious.
With over 1000 reviews for this place, there really isn't much i can add about the food.
The food was so much better than i expected... well seasoned and good temp.
The pierogi come in so many different varieties and the plate meals are just the right amount of food.
It is by far the hippest and best food in all of downtown gilbert.
We just moved from nyc and have had a hard time finding good food in the area.
Nice clean store, has some organic food.
I enjoy buying hot food from their deli.
The crab cake was delicious, and so was the salad.
The food is sometimes hit or miss so i usually focus on the drinks and get my grub somewhere else.
Clean, health food abundance, ample parking, sweet employees and sprouts trademark goodness right down the block.
Love everything about this place, good decor, food, ambrosia hookah is the best!
Chef david crafts some of the most delicious dishes i have ever had.
Health food, ice cream, flowers, usps, kosher, spanish, live sushi bar, wine bar with tvs, lounge with tvs and couches...
I had the moussaka which was delicious and fresh as always.
Wife had the eggplant pita-which had very fresh vegetables, feta and pita bread.
It was absolutely enormous, covered in ricotta and berries and was delightful.
I'm not one to take pictures of my food, but i couldn't resist with this one.
I'm a true believer that andreoli has some of the most authentic italian food in the valley!
The food here is great!
Everyone is always friendly and the food usually comes out fast.
Great food and friendly servers!
Cheap as hell for delicious food, its also fast and convenient.
The food and ambience is amazing.
I have had multiple items on the menu and all have been delicious.
Huge deli-boarshead meats and cheeses.
Jill at deli was very nice.
Just came from walmart again..got me some more cheap food 100$ worth...i love fuckn walmart...........woohoo:)
Food great, but this place is $$$$ and the wait is forever.
You have to wait in line to order, then they bring out the food when ready.
This is about as real and authentic as italian food shopping gets.
She explained the different water choices and the options were explained to me, convenient water delivery and billing options.
The hot bar and prepared foods section is unreal.
She had coffee with tiramisu and i had the fruit tart with the café au lait.
The staff was extremely friendly and coffee was delicious.
I've visited the deli at the lake mead location and i swear tis as if no one works back there.
Good food, great service.
Having never had polish/ukrainian/russian food, this was a first.
We both loved what we had and the waitress also said she loved the food there.
It hasn't changed from what i remember, the food is consistently good and authentic.
My daughter and i decided to share our food.
It was absolutely delicious and i will be back just to have that again!
A grocery store that mostly sells real food!
The long deli case is filled with all kinds of meats, cheeses and homemade pastries.
I bought some deli items a la carte, since the price is pretty reasonable.
This crazy place about local food even makes its own house burrata!!
Anything with an egg white is delicious!!
I agree with amy c, this is a great alternative to giant eagle/tfm/trader joe's/hole foods.
Fresh fruits and vegetables, lots of meats, and a plentiful variety of cooked foods.
From everything including bulk sized ketchup to fresh fruits and veggies, this place has it all!
Minitalia deli is just a shell of its former incarnation as an italian grocery store.
Most everything is gone except the deli some fresh breads and a few other items.
However i can't say loud enough: minitalia deli is an outstanding sandwich and italian deli shop.
Really is kind of neat for a deli.
From the service down to the food, this place has never failed me.
The food is always incredible and big enough portions to share.
The staff are so friendly and personable, the food is incredibly tasty and the atmosphere is so inviting.
Let me first say- the food was outstanding.
Great service and really really good food!
Well stocked with russian and eastern european foods.
The prepared foods looked good and i grabbed a cold protein for my salad.
I've been to this fry's twice now and each time i feel like i've entered a delightful culinary labyrinth.
There's a sushi bar, a salad bar, a hot food bar, etc.
Otherwise, this place has all your food needs at great prices.
Both meals were delicious.
It was so much food we just had a snack before our concert and pizza after.
This is a well maintained ge store with groceries, pharmacy, deli, etc.
Deli had a great selection of prepared foods (soups, salads and sandwiches).
I've been buying my pierogis here now for only a few months and they are delicious!
Will keep coming back for whenever i have a hankering for their deliciousness!
The homemade ricotta (he had the salad, i had the olives) was a delightful surprise.
The cocktails are still really where merchant shines but, for me, the food finally caught up this week.
Exceptional food and very well priced.
I assumed the food was good as it was quite busy.
The vibe is casual, but they serve great food.
I've always gotten the freshest vegetables here.
The cookies arrived not broken woohoo and from what i heard, they were delicious.
I am continually pleased at the awesome food and customer service here.
Food is amazing and we will return, but some discipline is in order for a unkind, ungracious yet beautiful daughter.
My favorite italian food in arizona.
Friendly service and authentic take out food.
Overall the staff is super nice and the food is great.
They have a large deli section which is nice in addition to "regular" groceries.
I'm told this is one of the nicest food city locations.
Love the selection of mexican food stuffs.
Been many times....  pros: - fresh food well portioned and presented.
I make a trip to food city on occasion for mexican spices that cant be found other places.
Love the fact that they have bulk, dry food section - i buy my bulk quinoa, brown rice, etc there.
They do not have a deli counter which is odd to me given they have the other two.
Charming atmosphere, great food.
Italian food that feels authentic and family-run.
The tiramisu is just the right amount of creamy and the capuccino was delicious.
I had the cordon bleu burger and it was delicious.... as was the bread pudding.
My partner had the fennel and sausage pizza and it was also delicious.
It was so delicious that i had to bring a sample home to nj for my best friend.
A very delightful and delicious visit.
But the food...cannot get better!!
Management is great, they make great food at their counter.bakery is the best, make the best cupcakes ever and cakes.
A lot of the delhi food is hand made.
Food: the chopped salad looked great on paper, but i wasn't thrilled.
The market fish special was delicious and perfectly cooked, but didn't come with any thing green.
My grandmother got the mac and cheese and said it was soooooo delicious!
Always the fresh fruit and meat.
Not much to look at, but the food is fantastic.
Better prices than whole foods.
Seafood always fresh and cheese selection is wonderful.
Super delicious meat i am so thrilled to have found carolina craft butchery, can't wait to go back!
Food here is fresh, delicious and cheap.
The food is fresh and the menu varied.
The salmon was cooked perfectly and came with a side of cold sweet potato salad, both delicious.
I will definitely keep returning for sushi, coffee, deli and bakery.
The only place that i can get beef tenderloin and seafood at a great price and great quality.
It's not trying to be whole foods.
So we hurried and got the dog food we needed and went to get in line.
In addition to my love for the bolillo rolls, their thin sliced tortilla chips are absolutely delicious.
If you pair it up with the mango chutney, it is delightful.
If the food releases less grease, then maybe the green product will still be in use.
The quality of the food is okay, and falls in the greasy chinese take-out category.
Not gourmet, and people should probably not place such unrealistic expectations on this type of convenience food anyways.
Also on this visit, i learned that the "bakery" is also operated by 99 ranch, just like the hot deli.
They have a huge selection of cheese, olives and speciality italian foods.
Andreoli is about as authentic, original, and delightfully delicious as anything in town, or for that matter, around the country.
You can get $3 sandwiches at the deli which is a pretty good deal.
I admire that the store marks down foods about to expire.
The food was delish!
And i've tasted one of the plums i've bought, it was delicious and sweet.
I'm super pleased with their fruit and vegetable selection.
I love coming here to get my korean food shopping.
It brings me back to my childhood and all the snacks and food i used to eat.
I always get so much food for super cheap.
Can feed myself weekly with $40/$80 bi-weekly and fresh fruits and veggies.
The food is solid.
The drinks are really delicious but the club atmosphere is not what i am looking for on most nights.
Everything from the staff to the food and their selection of wine and beer.
I had menudo seafood soup, it was amazing!
My niece had quesadilla and my husband had beef steak tacos, they were delicious as well.
And they also don't have that great of prepared food, esp.
Aside from a great family behind the operation, msm offers a huge variety of health foods and seasonal produce.
Very clean and highly maintained store with a bunch and bunch of korean items from food to clothing and skincare!
The food court had so much food and i cannot stress enough how they much varieties they have.
Food court also has a buffet which is priced per pound, i'm not very sure.
Everything they serve is delicious.
The pate was delicious!
The sweet guy behind the counter at the deli gave us samples of all their different salads.
The original spot was trend setting imo for korean food focused super market.
There's a second floor here where you can sit down and order food which is convenient.
Kind of a "convenience store" for healthier/specific foods, if you will.
My favorite thing about 168 asian marted are the food and sweet deli and the seafood section inside this market.
As mentioned, i'm a big fan of the food court.
All sorts of delicious dim sum, authentic chinese dishes, roast duck, soups, bubble tea, sweets can be found here.
I like to eat at the deli located inside the market after shopping.
Quality of food, drinks and service are terrific.
I ordered the rancher salad my first visit and it was truly delicious.
My sister made a salad and we picked three of their hot food selections to sample and share.
The made-to-order sandwiches are tasty, especially for being made at a grocer by the deli staff.
Food is awesome, cocktails are amazing, great atmosphere and great staff.
I can't think of any health foods or products you might want that you wouldn't be able to find here.
We bought had some delicious and guilt free iced tea!
Amazing food, beautiful presentation, creative cocktails, and all at a great price.
Oh yeah, it's local food too!
Their desserts are also a delicious snack to have.
!delivery    perfect ph balanced water !
And delivery : awesome !
12 year customer  bob is our delivery person.
Great service and food.
They were a bit pricier than some other brunch places, but all of their food is farm-to-table and it's delicious!
Only complaint is that my portion of food was small.
I have dreams about their grilled vegetable scramble.
The decorations were nicer than the food, although the charcuterie platter was quite good.
This place is representative of the rich culture of food mexico offers.
The store is clean, filled with amazing produce, and the prepared foods puts wholefoods to shame.
Not to mention every food product imaginable.
They had order takers at the fresh food counter because behind the counter, they were just buried.
I ordered the breakfast crepe from the upstairs section and it was really filling and delish!
Food, 5, ambience 5, srrvice, 4......asst meat platter was exceptional.
Felt like i was in a little deli in europe.
Wonderful menu of different choices of food right here in the little town of gilbert.
This is a great deli alternative to subway, dibellas, jimmy johns, panera or potbelly.
Very authentic ingredients, great food.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic italian deli.
I was surprised how nice this store is and the selection of groceries (even fresh vegetables) was impressive.
Great food and beer choice.
Both times food was outstanding as was the service.
This is a beautiful and great grocery store/ deli.
Aside from the food, the prices are fair, service is great, and atmosphere is fantastic.
The ladies who are usually back there always help me find something light and delicious!
I am so enthusuastic about their food!
They also have a number of other eastern european food items for purchase.
We were too close to the doors so there was pretty heavy traffic, but the food was good.
The food came out surprisingly fast.
The salmon baguette is so fresh and delicious.
If you prefer restaurants like the olive garden and ever eat fast food then stay away.
I grew up on discount food but this was a bit too much so don't think i'm a snob.
A nice lady directed me here, the variety at the market's hot deli department was superb.
They delivered the cake today and its perfect!
My sister and her friends said cake tasted delicious.
They always stock the freshest and nicest fruits here!
Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about tea/food/hookah selection!
Most delicious hummus, grape leaves and baklava ever!!
The food was definitely worth the wait.
I think this is a great restaurant to come for a fancy, delicious meal, cool ambiance and creative, handcrafted drinks.
The other reviews about the fresh orange juice are right on - it's very delicious.
However, you really need to compare prices with the other fruit markets which are very close by.
But some of the closer fruit markets don't take debit.
Fresh delicious food in a friendly environment and awesome music!
This supermarket sells asian foods, mainly chinese, korean and japanese.
They also have their own line of similar products in the frozen food aisle.
They do a lot of hot food also and fresh baked bread.
Always open always nicely assisted  pre-prepared food is good, and the clearance shelves are awesome !
Fruit and veggies always super fresh and less $ than others in the area.
The...second squadron (i believe) was particularly delightful: playful grapefruit anchored nicely with creme de violette, stunning and simply delicious.
Also, the fresh egg whites add a delicate and delectable element when employed.
The food was also phenomenal.
Tasty food (i had the white pizza, it was a.ma.zing.)
Has many so good deli items.
However, my friend said it was still very delicious.
Apart from the urbana farmer's market, it is my favorite place to buy food.
One of the few remaining unique (non-chain) "health food" (as we used to call them) stores!
Great selection of everyday food.
When buying food from the cafeteria, i highly suggest some of the combos.
That being said, it's delicious especially on a hot day.
Cheap asian food is a weakness of mine and this place is making me fat.
They have a food mart inside too, where they sale fresh sushi, cooked chinese food and a bakery.
The bread is delicious, and huge.
I actually prefer shopping here over seafood city.
It is so flavourful and delicious!!!
Its kind of like a larger walmart, and a foodies paradise!
In the  deli area in the back, they sell the same whole pizzas, except they are cold.
Oh, let me add absolutely delish!!!
The first place that actually thinks of vegans and vegetarians as people who eat real food!!!
I had a falafel pita which was so delicious and flavorful.
I was delightfully surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space.
There were plenty of choices for organic foods and "green" products, also.
Everything i have tried at the coffee bad, breakfast, lunch, dinner, and specialty menu have been delicious!
The drinks and food are amazing.
Healthy comfort food has been created!
Always good food and service, very attentive.
Consistency is always hard to find and paymon's delivers.
My kids enjoy the selections as well and enjoy the games given to them while waiting for our food.
Food was very good.
The food and ambiance of the restaurant was amazing.
Otherwise i thought the music was great, incredible food.
Let me start by saying their service is great and their food is so delicious.
Best arabic food in cleveland hands down!
The cases were loaded with italian deli meats, cheeses, olives, anchovies, aged t-bones, a massive veal chop...things were looking up.
Everything delivered a sense of freshness and had a home made quality.
The food was good, and the cocktails are great.
The food was amazing as always and randall our server saved the day.
As great as the food is the atmosphere is even better.
Food from andreoli reminds me of family.
All really flavorful and delicious.
The food was as great as their sahara location.
I'm glad they have consistency in the way they cook their food.
This was beneficial because it didn't alter the way we tasted our food.
As such, i believe in buying the best food that is available.
I picked up some fruit: mangoes and pineapples.
I could actually read most of them - the ingredients being actual 'food' ingredients.
Aldi is no frills, but when i go food shopping, i'm not looking for frills.
Exceptional value at the restaurant overall or what we like to do is take the food home.
To serve delicious, fresh, flavorful middle eastern dishes.
Most importantly, the food is excellent!
You don't want to miss his delicious hummus, babaganoush, greek salads, stuffed grape leaves, lebni, and olives.
Some may say its a bit too touristy (100% french - music, food, etc.)
But the delicious food and overall charm make up for it.
Appetizer plats to share are delicious and the fondue and wine are a must.
I came here to celebrate my birthday and have breakfast and it was delicious!
The food came out really quick, was full of flavor and filling.
The food is amazing !!!!!
Great people great food and great downtown gilbert location.
Super cute old restaurant and deli.
Loved our vivacious hostess and the hot, fresh food on a cold winter's day.
It's down to earth and serves up great food with old style and a vintage paris feel.
I tasted everything and all the food was delicious!!
Like all heinen's, they have good meat, deli and produce sections.
At this location i like how the bakery, deli and prepared foods sections are joined together.
Sooo much good food :) we were visiting and found this place of yelp and it was great choice
Now one of my favorite foods are nachos.
Fresh veggies, great meat & seafood section.
Also the food court section is not bad and cheap for a quick weekday lunch.
There fast food court was great.
They have lots of interesting and delicious foods here.
The ready made foods are all pretty good.
We come here for the fresh seafood and fish.
The fruit section is fantastic.
We always stock up on the delicious fuji apples, whenever we come.
I think they feel unwelcome and the food is not designed for kids.
It's almost like a whole foods (but bigger) with numerous health-type products, plus a kosher section and more.
They are cheaper than safeway, sprouts, and whole foods.
I like the ambience and quality of food.
Food is very cheap.
Been here a few times to pick up some food.
Each and every time we came by the food was delicious.
It's worth the trip to toronto for this food!
This little spot is a gem for any super health foodie.
Tequila, lime juice and grapefruit juice.
Two delicious (and large) cocktails with the appetizer was $20 even.
Wonderful fresh and tasty food prepared to perfection.
Simple place to get good viet food.
Typical fast food place with viet buns and grab and go type of lunches/dinners.
Great food, service, atmosphere and location.
Cheese curds and drinks were delicious.
Also the blueberry smoothie  is great price is right for the food.
They also have a front patio area if you'd like to consume your food outdoors.
Such a great place to get polish food!
Everything was fresh, hot and delicious!
Food came out surprisingly fast, despite the slow service and full restaurant.
It was a good amount of food for only $20.
Overall, we like the feel and food.
I quickly entered the store and decided to visit "food-made - to - go- made fresh".
A shout-out to the department that makes the food to go.
Everything was delicious the last time i was there, and i will be back very soon!
You can tell the food here is very fresh, and many of the dishes are unique.
My food has always been great, and everyone else's look mighty tempting as well!
Its busy, but the line moves fast and the food comes out quick.
I am a whole foods lover.
What can i say , amazing food and great service.
Save room for the delicious bread pudding made from cinnamon rolls.
If you are a fan of food from around the world, especially middle eastern food, you're gonna love it.
I've enjoyed the food and the ambiance.
The ready to order food is super cheap, and decent.
I've always thought they had quality food, and brunch was no different.
I always spend too much money, but it's good food.
Good food, great vibe, friendly staff.
The prepared foods are perfect when i don't feel like cooking.
Staff is great and the food is so good.
I love the atmosphere and the food!
Welcome to yuppie central  food is good, drinks is good, atmosphere is dark - that's good.
While shopping at the las vegas premium south outlets, we stopped by the food court.
When leaving, we stopped to look at fruitland which caught our interest.
I love the variety of fruits and veg especially fresh herbs (mint, parsley etc).
Delicious saffron rice with charcoal grilled kababs - heaven on a plate!
Sandwiches are delicious, bread is perfect, everything is fresh and the service is great.
When my sticky bun was delivered to my table i couldn't help but stare into the caramel covered abyss.
I'm simply fulfilling a last wish and request and boy did i, the sticky bun was absolutely delicious.
Joe and his wife are excellent restaurant owners and very hospitable and the food is amazing.
Liberty market has a refreshing vibe in the atmosphere, and they also have really fresh food!
To the food, however, i'd give only 3 stars = so i'm giving the merchant, as a whole, 4 stars.
However, the food i've ordered at the merchant has been a mixed bag.
The coffee is so delicious and smells even more amazing.
Bloorcourt village market is an awesome neighbourhood fruit and grocery market.
I seriously recommend the hummus, yogurt cucumber dip, and bouranni...also served with all the delicious, fresh pitas you can handle.
To go food prepared here.
Cakes are not overly sweet, and delicious.
The menu is lengthy and everything sounded delicious.
It sounded delicious so i said "sold!"
Absolutely delicious with every bite.
But how could i do so to something so delicious?
They have the best deals for bulk food/goods.
Also- the food deal is sweet.
Plus they have other hot foods that you can choose from like pizza, snacks, salads.
Like the rest of the bigger chains asian markets, there is also a fast food court n a bakery.
My husband's ham and cheese crepe was fantastic and one of our favorite food items we tasted in montreal.
Before our plate principal, we were served vegetable soup.
The only reason why i keep coming back is for specialty items from their deli.
I'm super picky about mediterranean food.
There were so many choices and flavors, and everything was fresh and delicious.
The baba ghanouj was also super delicious.
The fries and dipping sauce was unique and delicious.
I have been getting my groceries delivered from shaker's for several months.
The food is delivered exactly as i ordered.
6/22/2018 - great food and customer service.
Excellent food and very nice writers charles so polite man i really appreciate it for service
Their hot deli is good too.
A fine pittsburgh establishment for italian foods.
It came with fruit on the side.
Food: 3/5 value: 3/5 atmosphere: 5/5 service: 4/5
This is our favorite place to go for mediterranean food but if you have another suggestion please let me know.
Mind-blowing cocktails, great food and a great vibe.
The food was absolutely amazing.
Paymon's has various different food choices and anyone can enjoy eating there.
It's part deli and part italian grocery, with a really impressive selection of dried beans, pastas and grains.
The drinks are smooth and delicious with really nice top shelf alcohol.
They have every middle eastern candy, canned good, kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine.
Smells delicious, looks like a classic italian grocer.
All the trappings of a williamsburg, ny inspired craft food experience.
The food was quite good, the drinks were not bad.
I have only been here once, but it was delicious!
I am planning many return back, but unfortunately polish food doesn't fit too well with my healthy eating plan ;).
The prepared foods are excellent, and usually there is a great variety.
The deli is massive.
They also have a station to make a fresh deli sandwich.
The seafood department is awesome i love to get the salman.
The deli counter man recently teased me as i waited in line talking on my cell phone.
Oh the deli men - they're hilarious.
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink): 1 star:  never again.
2 stars:  poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
The pasta, always al dente and always delicious.
Cool ambiance, awesome food choices, and fantastic service... is it possible to have a crush on a restaurant?
I also had the sweet potato salad on the side - delicious!
We shared carrot cake (it was very gingery which i love) and had delicious frosting.
It's all fruits, vegetables, and good dairy.
They have some direct connections with farmers, so the food is always meticulously fresh.
Also, do try to resist the best montreal bagels in the city, delivered fresh every day.
So, this place reminds me of my favorite italian deli in baltimore - trinacria macaroni works.
Always great service, stiff drinks, amazing food, and very comfortable atmosphere.
Really good quality food.
Would i come here to buy their fruits, veggies or proteins (which btw, didn't look all that fresh)?
Jared loves it because the carry boar's head deli meat - he's high maintenance when it comes to his meat!
If you haven't eaten the white pizza, you're missing out on a whole new delicious life experience.
The food is to die for!
I love american discount foods.
Many of the restaurant style foods they sell, are delicious.
Through the years, i have observed american discount foods improve their quality, their care, and expand on their product range.
Affordable food at great prices.
Fresh deli and bakery items are delivered daily--must try the stuffed steamed buns!
The italia salad is also delicious.
The fruits were definately of decent quality, well it better for the cost.
The food was very good and the service was excellent, the gentleman waiter was very personable and entertaining.
A decent price for some delish bbq pork.
We meet friends here for drinks after their meal, they had good things to say about the food.
The staff is very polite, but the food is just mediocre.
They offer goods in bulk which vary from food, beverages (both alcoholic & not) , pastries, flowers & electronics.
We were able to order immediately and the food came out pretty fast.
Food was great and reasonably priced.
It was delicious and sweet.
The food is amazing and the staff is so friendly!
This is the place where i can enjoy really delicious authentic russian/ukrainian food.
The food here is surprisingly really good and super cheap (like $1 cheap).
They have solo dim sum entrees to the right and a traditional panda express chinese food setup to the left.
I like the design and vibe of this place not to mention the food is to die for!
Always super quality and delicious.
Her prepared foods are phenomenal and she has willingly prepared items for me when calling them in ahead of time.
It's such a cool store with food products from all over eastern europe.
For example, parmigiano reggiano at whole foods is 19.99 per lb; at penn mac it is 14.99 per lb.
My favorite products to purchase are:  all cheeses deli meats canned tomatoes pasta "00" flour cashews olive oil
They made my wedding cake 7 years ago and delivered it to my venue.
The cake was delicious.
The food is always delicious!
Did i mention the food is amazing.
Pretty much all the food is home made.
The amount of fresh, organic foods here is incredible!
The food was great.
10 stars for the cocktails   2 stars for the food.
Unfortunately the food falls on its face here.
In fact their entire prepared food section is overwhelmingly delicious.
They also make fresh sushi and hot foods there.
They have a buffet area during lunch dinner hours w/ a huge selection of food for people on the go.
I love the fruits and vegetables that i get here.
I've had all the best grapefruits, strawberries and canteloupe here.
The dressing was a sherry vinaigrette, and it was delicious.
And the food was fantastic.
We particularly enjoyed the duck, and the pork belly with lentils -- great comforting food for a cold rainy night.
Huge fan of safeway great products, great assortment of organic non-gmo foods and the staff is always friendly.
It was so much fun to order bistro food and watch them at work.
This location by the heartland plaza is big, bright and clean with specialized counters for seafood and meats.
He also happens to work behind the seafood counter.
The food is a bit pricey, but top-notch quality!
The food selection here is outstanding.
A lot of the stuff here is hard to find foods.
Almost everyday i do my food shopping here.
Be sure to goto the deli and have them make you a sandwich.
The food was prepared just right and was absolutely delicious.
No ice included, just frozen fruit and either soy/rice milk or fat free organic yogurt.
You will at least love the food, if not the cozy, small-business atmosphere.
I was a bit worried that it was going to take a long time to order and get our food.
We sat down and ordered 2 cortaditos and i had the grilled vegetable scramble with egg whites.
Before we even got our cortaditos our food was already ready.
People were coming and going and food was flying in and out of the kitchen.
To top it all of the food was absolutely amazing.
Great food, unique options, but kind of pricy for portion size.
Always crowded, which is a testament to good food, but annoying to find a table.
Staff was super nice and food was great.
Great little spot to grab some deli meat or a sandwich made to order.
The menu is limited but the food quality is high.
Lose a star if you're looking for food and conversation because it can be really loud inside.
Fantastic food .great service .
For desert the plum pierogi were delicious!
Great energy, cocktails and food.
The staff is super friendly and the food is amazing and comes out pretty fast.
The salmon kabob was delicious as well.
The food was perfect.
Food (4/5) the majority of dishes we tried at liberty market were scrumptious.
I always love these open air concepts as i believe it ensures your food is fresh!
Apples are always fresh, the deli counter people are very personable and the store is always clean.
Great combo plate w/ more food than i could eat for lunch.
The food is delicious, the service is good.
Fitchburg burns their deli chicken.
Their deli is excellent and i love their bakery.
We had hookah, drinks and some food.
This is a quaint location with good food, music, hookah and great customer service.
Card says delivery is available.
5 stars for great food, service, staff, decor and value!
The food is excellent (the zia rosina salad is so fresh & tasty).
The gnocchi is delicious & the dessert is to die for.
The food is a little on the pricey side.
Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly staff.
Sunterra will reimburse you $2 maximum with a food purchase (have the other half of your ticket stub in hand).
All in all, a great spot for great food at an awesome price.
And pretty decent pricing, for a seafood sandwich.
First of all, this sam's has a huge selection of food, alcohol, meat, cheese, and veggies...and all at incredible prices.
I like the ready-made egg salad sandwich from the deli.
I've used the salad bar several time and the hot food options.
Great food, comfortable atmosphere, beautiful interior, delicious drinks.
Go for the food.
I go in and get their fresh food for dinner all the time.
They have a great organic selection and dried fruits.
The space is small inside too with one having to take their food to go.
The flat iron steak is super, and their far eastern salad is also delicious.
This food is utterly sublime.
The desserts are quite delicious, but in my humble opinion, the food is better (certainly for the price).
The prices are high, and the quality of the food definitely supports them, but the atmosphere does not.
Once we ordered, it didn't take too long to get our food, it was worth the wait.
Food: the menu has improved significantly!
In particular, they have a roasted root vegetable and kale dish that is outstanding.
I thought they were delicious.
The bulk food bins are great, veggie & fruit selection is great...everything i've gotten here has been fresh and good.
The food is fantastic here.
The food was fantastic, and all of the employees we encountered were friendly and helpful.
In montreal from st paul we were searching for an authentic french/parisian food experience.
They also have a nice seafood section, and usually have some kind of sale going on.
For instance, they have this coconut encrusted tilapia that you can usually get two fillets for six dollars--delicious!
The star attraction of penn mac is their deli.
Quotes like that fly back and forth across the deli counter so many time it is hard to keep track.
To sum it all up, penn mac is everrything a good deli should be.
Hurray for a convenience store with fresh food!
Think 7-eleven, but with food you might not regret eating in an hour.
It was a bit noisy, but the food and wine made up for it.
I don't have anything too bad to say about this food city location.
What makes this place awesome is the whole side of the store that has hot food and baked goods.
There is a long long counter full of hot foods.
I have no clue what most of it is, but it all looks delicious.
The signs are in spanish, but if you know mexican food, then you'll probably know what all the stuff is.
Our server was very nice and helped make some recommendations and the food came out promptly after ordering.
I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for quality, made from scratch, authentic eastern european food!
The brick wall, the open ceiling, the spread of all their delicious food; i just want to hang out there.
The price point is set exactly right for the quality and quantity of food.
Service at both the cheese and deli counters can take a pretty long time if you go on a weekend.
Castleventrano olives (a bright, clear light green) are amazing: buttery and briny and fruity with a firm texture.
The cuban sandwich was good and the passion fruit juice was very tasty.
Great authentic french food.
Also a deli and bakery.
Very good selection of produce and foodstuff asian.
If you want craft cocktails with food of equal quality, don't miss merchant.
5 star drinks and food!
The food is excellent.
This review is strictly for the prepared foods area.
I always get some chicharron too- the one that also has the meat with the crispy, delicious fat.
The food was ok.  no real complaints.
It was white fish with the skin on, some cubed potatoes, lettuce greens and and some type of vegetable straws.
I mostly take a trip to sprouts when i am in need of fruits, veggies, and chicken breast.
Went there a week ago and the service and food was top notch.
The locals all know this is the place for mediterranean food.
They also have a huge menu and a large variety of food for vegetarians.
Everything was top notch and it was quiet, inexpensive and delicious.
The food, the atmosphere, the service, everything.
Whether i'm eating in, picking up, or ordering delivery through doordash the quality of the food is always excellent.
Their food menu is okay, but i would go there for cocktails and then head someplace else for dinner.
Best italian food in arizona.
What a delightful place to discover!
The toppings (onions, sour cream and bacon bits) are delicious all over no matter which stuffing you choose!
There's a big grocery, little food court, a tiny electronics shop, tea/ginseng shop, all featuring purely korean products.
The main reason i have reviewed this place is because the food court here is worth mention.
For under $10 you can get a complete, delicious, and very satisfying korean meal.
Especially when their sushi and food are discounted after 7pm!!!
The food is very fresh as well as its produce... although it is on the pricier side.
The food was awesome and the service was great!
Authentic old world italian food and atmosphere!
I walk into food city, and i'm totally overwhelmed with joy-they now carry most of the goya line.
Thank you food city, for realizing other latinos need our goya stuff :)
Besides the food (and tea), they open up the hookah lounge at night and are open till late.
They have a food court..
It's basically the food market part of a super walmart; no clothing, electronics, bed or bath sections.
This place allows me to buy expensive foods that by rights i shouldn't really be able to afford.
I did take several pics of our food which i'll post.
The food was great!
However after we ordered the food came out in a timely fashion.
I stocked up on jarred sauces, which are reasonably priced, generously portioned, and most importantly--fresh and delicious.
Also- its the original high-end food store.
Still amazed that food can be this cheap.
The food was great and the hookah lounge was awesome!
I hope to stop by for hookah and food every vegas trip!
Great foods and selection of drinks!
The meat was also succulent and delicately flavored.
Their food was beautifully done, full portioned, and the wait for my take out order was mere minutes.
I have had 2 cookie bouquets delivered as thank you gifts!
Lots of great food to choose from.
Have you ever wondered why food scientists only put a laxative in activia yogurt?
Liberty market is really one of a kind with great, interesting, fresh foods awesome coffee and bakery items.
But i will pay the price when it come to the fruit and veggies.
Definitely delicious and worth going back for.
I am dismayed that they stopped putting the little pieces of fruit on the plate.
You are paying for good food and a good local experience.
There are lots of choices from the deli, a starbucks, covered parking, and lots of seating, inside and out.
Fresh fruit, snacks, and others such as trader joe's things.
Liberty market is a great place ... great staff, great service, great food.
The food is delicious.
So many good fruits and veggies to get.
Great service and great food.
Absolutely loved the sliders, juicy, delicious and such a variety of flavors on the palette too.
Prices seemed pretty cheap and food was very fresh.
Because the whole foods here aren't great.
The food is fairly good and the prices are ok but it depends on the person & budget.
(turkey sandwich), arizona sky and minestrone were all delicious.
I love the concept of ordering your food, paying for it, and then having it brought to your table!
The food was amazing and it was hard nailing down one thing to get!
I love the bakery, produce and prepackaged food sections.
After 9 years as a customer of their superior water quality and delivery, i'm happy to rate them 5 stars!
I've been there on a few occasions for dinner and/or cocktails, and it's never failed to deliver.
While the food is delicious, the reason i am a frequent repeat guest to merchant is the atmosphere.
If i still lived in madison, this one would definitely go into the rotation of delicious brunch & lunch places...
Busy saturday morning breakfast took 30 minutes to order food but only 5-10 to get food.
I am here right now shopping for my birthday party food.
Every time we go to scottsdale, we always make a whole foods run....but that's not always convenient.
The food is super good.
I'm a typical guy when it comes to food choices, but i love their picnic salad.
Lots of organic food options including snack items, soups, cereals, grassfed beef, milk and frozen food.
Be prepared to wait for good home cooked food.
The food is fresh and delicious, and the menu options are unique (but not too unique).
Galleria offers so many options when it comes to prepared foods.
There are many gas pumps with pumps that work, way more food items, drinks, and a beer cooler!
We didn't try the food but what we saw looked good so we will be back!
Only reason not 5 stars is because you wait in line to order food at the counter.
It's delicious, it's healthy, and it's really cheap.
The prices were surprisingly low compared to whole foods.
Their seafood salad is awesome and their pastries and cake slices are delish.
Knowledgeable hipster bartenders slinging excellent mussels and delicious cocktails.
Paymon's was opened late and greek food is appealing to me at any hour of the day.
Amazing food, excellent service, good value.
Especially their happy hour on hookah , food && drinks !
They have a nice relaxed ambience , play good house music , and their food is good .
My takeout combo meal was delicious and i can't wait for my next chance to return.
This store has delicious wraps and very good quality products.
I like this location way better than the one on sahara....the food seems to be better on maryland.
For some reason, when i have access to some wheels, my stomach always craves fruit at around 3am.
The service was excellent and the food was even better.
Chicken pierogies dulce de leche, made in house smoked salmon from the deli
They have amazing food and a great choices of beer or wine.
I've had delicious classics like the sazerac and the negroni.
Food: the charcuterie/cheese board is the best thing on the menu.
Meat + cheese + honey or jam is the best food idea ever.
Delicious food is just icing on the cake.
All sitting in their deli case ready to wrap up for you to take home to heat.
The people at whole foods are very responsive, knowledgeable and kind.
I like going to the fresh vegetable, meat and seafood counters, they always have cooking tips and pairing suggestions.
The deli dinner we got a few weeks ago was great.
Coming from a polish family i grew up on a lot of polish food.
We got our check and for the two of us and all that food we hit about $50.
This is the most awesome whole foods i've ever been in.
I've been to sunterra's 2 other old locations in downtown and tried their catering food, never disappointed!
The food was not quite the same - quality wise.
Yummy market definitely delivers a super yummy experience!
I got the porchetta it was delicious.
The deli department is outstanding!
There is also a deli with the standard sandwiches and fried foods.
Beyond food, they also offer clothing, furniture, toys, a starbucks etc.
They have the best tasting food and so many choices to choose from.
I had the farmer pressed sandwich and it was delicious!
A friend of ours is a food critic and about 3 years ago he recommended this restaurant/market to us.
The food here is always great.
The branzino is fresh and delicious.
The food at liberty market was exemplary and tasted of quality ingredients.
The food came out promptly and the wait staff came by several times to check on us.
Amazing food as always and especially when it's late night coming home from the bar.
The barbecue were delicious and i absolutely love the teriyaki wings.
's thread: https://www.yelp.com/topic/phoenix-yelp-phoenixs-10-firsts-of-2016  holy pierogi, they have some mighty tasty eastern european food here!
The borscht came next, a hearty bowl of red stewed deliciousness.
I indulged in a russian style kvas which was delicious.
I'll be back for more delicious pierogis and borscht!
Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced), olive oil, dried fruit, deli meats, and more.
Here is where i once picked up the most delicious bread i've ever had.
The best italian food i've ever had in arizona, and by no small margin.
Yes, you order at a counter in a place that looks like a deli.
You will not get americanized food here.
In addition to the food, the deli is also first rate.
The food they have is very good.
The food is great and the service is even better.
Delicious food but we went during valentines day so there was a huge line!
The food here is soooooo good!
I really enjoy all of the amazing flavors they offer in their food.
The food is tastey, the setting a little on the intimate side.
The food can also be served on the hookah lounge.
However, the service was great and the food was excellent.
I've been here before a few times, mainly for food, but today we walked through all of the aisles.
The produce is fresh and there is a wide variety of korean home and food products.
They have really great selections of kimchi, fresh beef, fish, sushi and prepared foods.
They also have a bulk food counter where you can purchase prepared dishes, charged by weight.
There are tables at the west end of the supermarket where you can eat purchased food.
Great bar, good food, high prices, always crowded.
Delicious is the word that comes to mind!
Not a sit down service restaurant -you order at the counter and they bring out your food.
They were backed up in the kitchen once, getting the food took some time.
The food at liberty is always on point.
Great food, wine (sorry to see they didn't sell the hard stuff), soaps etc.
I really like the food.
Tarted up store, great food, good variety.
Both were delicious, presented well, etc.
I usually rate my breakfast places by quality of coffee and liberty is delicious for true coffee drinkers.
It was pretty delicious.
The side vegetables came out a little burnt, but that's to be expected.
It's a smaller old school corner grocery store filled with loads of awesome korean and asian foods.
Lots of fresh food also amazing prepared korean snacks.
Some people may think this is a true insult to korean food.
However for someone who is borderline problematic with cheese slices this is a decadent delish.
The food they serve is inexpensive and authenic and tasty.
Real authentic french deli food.
Friendly service, great food, quirky humor, prices that won't break the bank.
The pirogue are delish.
They have everything from regular groceries, a delicate bakery section and gourmet ready to go foods!!
You can literally see how they make and prepare your food in their open kitchen!
The prices are super reasonable for a quality and delicious meal.
It was currently undergoing remodeling, even though it is a relatively new store in the area.
Lots of options here - ready-made food, big wine and beer selection.
They have a chinese food place up in the front and also a play place for kids.
Every table around us had plates of fries so i assume they're delicious.
We have tried and tried to love, even like this place, but every time the food is just ok.
I really want to love their food, because i love joe's farm grill.
So, we were happy with our food.
Great place for buying fruit and nuts.
I think fruit in sprouts is the cheapest in the area.
Their head chef has changed many years ago and you can really taste the difference in their food now.
The rolls are more beautiful and delictable than in most actual sushi restaurants.
Either way, they're delicious.
I just tried their pre-made tofu burger patties (in the prepared food section) for the first time.
But they have hearty and delicious dinner options like last time i was there they had seabass.
The chorizo cheese sauce was delicious.
Oh and the high ph 9.0 water is delicious!
I passed by it but i am pretty sure they have a deli too.
Love the vegan and vegetarian options-always busy-always delish!
Delicious charcuterie served with a cheese fondue?
It sounded off but ended up being delicious for a cold late winter day.
Food is also available to go, and there is a small but good selection of food paraphernalia.
This grocery store (vons) is part of the safeway family and delivers in las vegas!
I set a delivery time.
They ran my card about an hour before delivery.
Always great food, fun and atmosphere.
We love the seasonal veggies and fruits.
The one thing i love about this place is the hot street food in front of the store every weekend!
I have tried everything: chicken on a stick, fried rice, egg rolls, vegetable lo mein and pancakes.
They have a electic menu of food items.
The food is pretty decent.
The frozen foods section is considerably larger than the one at my "regular" save-a-lot.
But this place usually has better prices and selection (aside from korean food).
Got my vegetables from onions to eggplants.
Overall a great place to shop for asian food and delicacies, too bad it's about 40 minutes away from me.
More delicious sandwiches for the glutenfree community.
The deli is one of my favorite stops since i enjoy the wide variety of turkey hams and cheeses.
Its my first choice for shopping for good quality fresh vegetables and meat.
It's a much more reasonably priced, smaller and more casual whole foods.
It was hearty and filling, perfectly cooked and served with a delicious tomato sauce that i really enjoyed.
Food was delicious and i highly recommend.
I was greeted by every single employee i'd walk past, the deli dept.
They have a good selection of wine & beer and the food is pretty tasty and reasonably priced too.
Blueberry scones are sooo good, portions are extremely satisfactory, liberty potatoes are tasty, love their decaf, everything is delicious.
Food was good and you can even smoke hookah !
I also recommend their passion fruit tea as it is refreshing and not sweet.
The food here is awesome!
Hands down best food and cocktails i've had in madison.
They handmade my "italian special" sandwich while i waited, and fixed me a side of their delicious macaroni salad.
We were on our way home and since we were nearby we decided to stop at the shamrock foodservice warehouse.
Great food, great service,  will continue to go back
You know how most health food stores tend to hike up prices?
Great food, flavors & portions.
Great ethnic market with an awesome hot deli.
Go around lunchtime when food is fresh.
Late afternoon food sitting long time and not fresh.
Seafood department very good too.
The food was amazing.
It was so delicious.
We were so hyped on how deliciuos dinner was we had high expectations for dessert.
Food is locally sourced.
4-stars on the food, 5-stars on the cocktails.
The fresh, handmade, and local initiative isn't just hipster talk; good drinks and good food go hand-in-hand here.
The biggest plus for me and many other service/retail-industry people is the 7-day a week late-night food menu.
They finally corrected this sam's club with a much-needed remodeling.
The food is as authentic and delicious as it gets!
And fruit-stuffed dessert pierogies???
For all you west coast people who've never had this type of food, you must go here.
And usually get some food and drinks.
The food is generally great, really enjoy the chocolate pudding and pork pasta.
Catherine that works selling the food samples is the kindest and sweetest person.
Awesome variety of food options.
The grill outside of this store has the most incredible food!
My second side was quite delicious, baked beans with fresh cooked bacon.
Fresh seafood, beautiful cuts of meat, and some already done up wings, twice baked potatoes, ribs, the lists goes on.
Keep walking and you will find delicious cheese's and olives.
Plus a deli with hot food and every kind of sandwich you want.
This is comfort food at its finest.
Ordered some food to-go here.
And that i liked my food.
I work overnights, and liberty is one of our staples for post-shift beers and delicious food.
I had a incredible tasting chicken rap in pita "it was huge and plentiful with some very delicious fries!
Food came out in a very timely and warm!
Great food and great people watching in north scottsdale.
All sorts and types of cuisine-sushi, italian, seafood, sandwiches, omelets...all made to order!
For what i paid for this, and the deliciousness of this dish, i want to go back here now!
Very friendly staff and great food.
Additionally, this shop has a hot food bar, where the items are supplied from india garden restaurant.
Food is spiced decently--about or just below medium i think.
I am so conveniently located to this place, its become the number one shopping destination for our food and wine!
They have a wide variety of food choices, healthy or fatty... they're all good.
We ordered our food, took our seats and waited about 10-15 minutes for our food.
My wife ordered the grilled vegetable scramble with egg whites and it was excellent as well.
The scones come with a side of fresh whip cream which was delightful.
The food looks good, and they have a brunch menu that they only offer during the summer.
The food was delicious!
I will admit that i come here mainly for the prepared foods and ramen.
The deli, meat and seafood sections are also much larger than a typical fry's.
Finding decent, real food in the valley can be very difficult.
Liberty market sells just such real food.
I loved how they have a cafe and prepared food.
I love getting their green tomatoes and grapefruits.
The grapefruits are the best i've found in the area.
I love the fresh sandwiches/salads/fruits available and seattle best coffee selections.
The deli area on the side has very good food for cheap.
One of the nicest and cleanest looking asian specialty & food store in vegas.
The bread pudding at liberty market is moist, flavorful and topped with delicious fresh whipped cream, it's absolutely amazing!
Locally sourced food that is interesting but focused (eg brunch menu is very farmtable oriented).
The food was delicious and the atmosphere is really inviting!
It's like a cheaper, smaller version of whole foods.
I like their selection of peppers....i like my spicy food!
The quality of the food is always good and i have yet to be disappointed.
I am a recent food city convert.
Great food, great service,great restaurant i recommend this restaurant for every one has not been this place.
F&w has a really attractive selection of veggies, fruit, grains, cheeses, dairy, canned goods and specialty snacks.
They have a tidy outdoor display of fruits and what-not that reminds me of being at a farmers market.
The veggies and fruits look ripe, fresh, clean and crisp.
The food is amazing each sandwich is made of home made bread, the freshest ingredients....wow i love it here.
Food is always fresh.
Excellent craft cocktails and food.
The food and dessert taste excellent and come in nice presentation.
The food here is absolutely delicious.
Good for quick convenient food!
It still turned out beautiful and delicious.
A huge selection of quality foods although on the pricey side.
Great place to find that unique gift for specialty food.
The place has an impressive list of organic foods to appease anyone's tastes.
The deli section has some decent offerings.
Some of the prepackaged foods ex.
They also have a full serve deli meat counter and fresh bread and pastries they make in house daily.
With delicious but affordable food, it's a great stop for necessities or simply browsing.
They also have a food court with menu prices similar to sit in restaurants so i rather do that.
A wide variety of upper scale pastries and food.
The cooked food in the back is the bomb.
A deli counter so large it will make your head spin.
A little loud for a quiet conversation but go for the food & service
The food and presentation is as good as any japanese chef locally make it!
Authentic fresh handmade food.
The market is also really nice for cute gifts and food items.
It was absolutely delicious and was cooked perfectly (nice golden brown bottom, and the crust was awesome).
The deli counter workers are always upbeat and eager to serve.
It is filled with very friendly and knowledgeable staff as well as freshly made food and fresh seafood as well.
Mississauga isn't toronto, but it has been blessed with some pretty nice delicatessens.
It is, in my estimation from having been to many of mississauga's delis, the best of the bunch besides starsky's.
Food court: pork bone soup is super tasty and comes with rice (one of the best).
Food is fast, fresh  and hot, but seating is scarce at peak-ish meal times.
They also sell a variety of delicious pre-made salads ranging from $3-5 that are surprisingly filling.
Good prices good food, love the variety of mexican cheeses, tortillas  and sweet breads.
Great specials, they keep bringing out newer, healthier prepared food options.
Staff is consistently friendly and food rarely takes longer than 10 minutes to arrive.
The spicy ones are spicy, so if you can handle the extra spiciness go for it- they are delicious.
The food was outrageously good.
Good selection of food and things.
New favourite grocery store it's so awesome here i love getting different instant ramens and they taste so delicious.
Well worth the visit, even if you haven't been to a whole foods market location before.
The best middle eastern food i've tried in vegas!
But don't expect american food to be affordable it isn't but than again i don't buy american food.
And you can eat at the food court before shopping so you don't over shop!
Food portions are beyond generous.
I can be a snob when it comes to certain food things, but olive oil?
The food is great and resonably priced.
The food was a lot more filling than i thought it would have been.
The only thing i wish, is that my order wasn't $25 :(   environment: 5/5 food: 5/5 price: 4/5 service: 5/5
On voit les cultures en levant la tête depuis le rayon fruits et légumes.
True italian food and delicious!
It is creative, historic, and absolutely amazing food.
Great tomatoes locally grown and priced with that backyard vegetable garden taste.
An array of seasonal fruits and produce as well.
Plus jams, jellies, cider, all sorts of pickled vegetables.
They have so many new options in the pre made food section.
I was skeptical because it's hard to find good polish food in arizona.
Came with a side salad of mixed vegetables or potato salad.
Excellent charcuterie board for lunch filled with the most delicious ham, roast beef and salamie!
Never the less, it was delicious!
Sam's is always a great place for bulk items of food, drinks, meat, produce etc...
They delivered on the koobideh, kabobs and tabbouleh, which were the most critical for me.
Same thing for the convenience food.
Imagine target, costco, aj's, fry's, walgreens and whole foods all piled into one overwhelming massive store."
A shout-out to jeff in bakery, donnie in checkout and gloria in deli.
There is a deli, but i'm cool with that.
The sales are decent on certain items like olive oil, juice, vegetables, etc.
I am in food heaven.
Liberty market has a nice atmosphere and the food is pretty good.
The fresh vegetables will need to be cooked soon, ok?
Atmosphere, food, employees, and location!
Lots of veggies and fruits.
There's a section for bbq meat and other food as well.
Very cheap dog food and other essentials that are needed in my house.
I work near here, and have got lunch before and what not and always impressed with the food.
Big deal you have to bag you own food.
Great service tasty farm to table food and a wide variety of delicious cocktails to choose from.
The authenticity of tony's deli is quite remarkable.
They are a small italian store that has a variation of imports and it has a deli right inside it.
But i settled on the crab po boy and it was delicious.
Two crabcakes on perfectly toasted bread with a delicious sauce.
A grocery store somewhere between whole foods and giant eagle.
The store is clean, the food is very fresh, and the isles are always stocked.
Their cocktails are unique and delicious.
Everything is always delicious.
They sell delicious european ice cream called dadu and cheesecakes.
We also ate lunch in their market, which was steeply prices and only "okay" in delivery.
The food is always fab!
Pastries are also delish.
Bulk dry foods, cheese, barrels of bulk olives(mmm), meats, boxed items, olive oils, etc.
They have a lot of healthy/organic food & products.
From tooth paste to fruits & meats.
They have regular veggies & fruits & they have organic veggies & fruits.
The patriarch aka chef giovanni still consistently serves up some of the best italian food in town.
Ordered a chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and it was so delicious.
The food is good.
Food options are good but i can only ever really focus on the latte's.
I don't go here often because i live alone and don't need such big quantities of food.
The quantities of food products here are enormous, and very low priced.
A great place for those with large families, or who like to cater or make large amounts of food.
I like their 5 lb bags of frozen mixed vegetables.
A trip to west point market isn't merely  food shopping, it's more of a foodies version of visiting disneyland.
Good prices and the food is great!!!
I'm polish, so i kind of know what i like in regards to polish food.
The food is good, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is cool.
The food is very good, but the prices are a bit higher than most (see other reviews).
My husband wanted to have his parents come up right away as they are huge "real" italian foodies too.
Endless varietes of aurora brand foods including fresh canned tomatoes, sauces, pickles and condiments are throughout the store.
Food came out quickly.
I told him no seafood, no gluten, but otherwise...it was up to him.
Good selection of deli food and a decent selection of groceries.
Perfect amount of food to fill you up during your lunch break if you are at school.
They have delicious desert.
George in the deli as well as brittany and jessi in the bakery are awesome.
Also, they serve very delish sangria with cucumber and mint.
Great and tasty food in a beautiful ambience.
The deli inside was super affordable and the woman piled on the food!
And yes, they piiilleeddd on the food and tried to give me as much as they can.
Maybe because it was 8pm though they wanted to start getting rid of all the food.
Secondly some of the vegetables  are not the best.
I know other asian stores with fresh vegetables and the quality is very well.
Some vegetables are bruised or wilted greens.
Fresh, quality food in both sections.
Happy that whole foods has opened about a mile from our humble abode.
Just the selections at the meat and seafood counters alone would keep me coming back again and again.
It's nice that you can see how they are preparing the food.
The french toast was delicious!
I am a big fan of whole foods.
I love going to food city, it's one of my favorite stores in town.
There groceries are affordable and it's one of the rare stores where i can find my ethnic food.
Authentic middle eastern food for this half lebanese girl and close to my home!
Tony's hits it out of the park with plenty of deli meats, pastas and real, homemade sauces and deserts.
I a had no idea there was this many different kinds of food.
I'm also a fan of their cheeses, pizza dough, rosemary crackers,  spices and frozen vegetables.
Love liberty market cause so many delicious gluten free options!!
Regardless of the location, the food is fresh and delicious.
Upstairs they have a nice bistro with a lot of fresh foods and tasty homemade soups.
The delivery was at a great time and easy, not a bad delivery charge either.
My honey said everyone in his office wanted cookies when they seen his delivery.
We love going to more natural food stores that can offer us better quality foods.
We can find every food item we need at this location.
They have such a great variety compared to fresh & easy, trader joes, and even whole foods.
I go there for scallion pancakes, mocha bon bons, fresh produce and seafood.
They have great prices and great selection of seafood and meats.
Rita has answered the phone on several occasions when i called to ask about food storage or preparation.
I like coming here for the fish sandwiches and other prepared foods.
They serve a wide variety of boar's head deli meats.
Be sure to read the signs out front and back by the deli for weekly sales and specials.
Back at the deli counter they know me as the guy who always tips for service.
We proceeded to order food and that to was great .
There's basic stuff like fruity flavours, as well as more complex crafty stuff.
The meat and seafood looked very fresh as did the produce and there is such a large selection.
I've only had eastern european food once before.
I think it's just because it's turned into a bit of a comfort food place for the mildly discerning local.
Excelent customer service ,clean everything you need ,i bought carne asada and the tortillas and salsa delicious !
The food was beyond what you'd expect from many other inexpensive mexican restaurants and far above its food court setting.
The food is delicious and i like how they always have some daily specials.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the food.
This particular heinens is clean, offers a great selection of prepared foods, and even has a café.
It was great food, and nice beer choices...we really loved everything we ate
Super arzon is a great place to go if you're craving persian food fresh off the grill.
This place has great prices on fresh fruits and veggies.
Great atmosphere great food.
Brunch, burgers everything delicious
I recommend sharing dishes so everyone can taste a variety of foods.
Nice selection of food items.
My delivery driver, nick, is incredible...he is polite and always puts his customers first.
I've only recently discovered aj's fine foods which i understand is owned by basha's.
They also had an olive bar and other higher end "salad bar" type prepared foods.
I particularly love to munch on the fresh fruit and mondoo (pot stickers) samples!
Korean food is not just for koreans anymore!
Excellent service and awesome food.
This place has the best italian food around.
Their pizza is just delighful and perfect.
Amazing grocery store with great food!
The food is extremely expensive.
However having said that, the deli meats were the absolute best that i've ever eaten in my life.
Even though it was expensive, i will definitely come back every single time just for the deli meats.
This place is always delicious.
Their lunch and breakfast is always delicious!
The picnic sandwich, on the other hand, was surprisingly delicious.
This ain't the freaking cordon blue, put more food on the freaking plate!
Love the service and fresh food!
Prices are good even though we all live to bitch about the price of food.
Food here is delicious.
The food is so good, so fresh and so filling!
I know everyone at the table really enjoyed their food.
The food is very very good.
The workers are awesome - who doesn't want to be called "dear heart" while tasting delicious cheeses?
Very good food, and i'm pretty picky when it comes to my pasta!
Anyways, food is always fresh and my daughter gets a free cookie at the bakery every time i shop.
Great food and high quality items!
Of course the food selections are very good at value prices.
They are juicy and delicious.
Great food, awesome service.
The food is always amazing and fresh.
I get  groceries and prepared foods here, no problem, and there's lots of parking.
If you want a deli, produce, dairy, and a medium sized beer & wine selection they have what you need.
Great food but they are often short on servers.
It's not whole foods, but it's good enough.
Super fresh food, great prices and friendly environment.
This is a go to spot for authentic mexican food and general groceries.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.
Thoughtful, inventive food and cocktails to die for.
It may be a bit of a hipsters paradise but i don't care...the food is so yummy!
Back to the food..i ordered the salmon blt and loved it.
Pinball, pool, pac-man and plates of food- yes, there's puh-lenty to enjoy at taste.
It was delicious, so my only complaint is that they should have put more of it in the bowl!
The atmosphere is very happy and upbeat and coupled with the delicious food, it was a great overall experience.
The employees are friendly and they carry everything you'd need to cook korean food.
The people are friendly and the food and deli are awesome.
Nice neighborhood store with good food and friendly service.
On entry, you are immediately hit with food smells.
Solidly good mediterranean food!
Our server delighted in telling us about their specials, his favorite foods and deserts.
I love the prepared foods, the big parking lot, the quality of food.
Let's move on to food... using a 5-point rating:  3/5 shrimp artichoke dip with pitas.
The supermarket has supermarket an amazing variety of organic fruits and vegetables.
The prices are much cheaper than whole foods.
The tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died.
I would definitely recommend, especially for late night food (open 24 hours).
Their ready-made-meals are delicious as well.
I love the bakery bread here, the sushi is good, and the cornbread is delicious.
Not such a fan of the prepared food section though, it's a little hit or miss for me there.
The food was good, i tried lentil soup and grilled salmon and everything was very tasty.
The cheese and deli section is probably one of the biggest ones in the area.
The wait was pretty long, but the food was incredible.
I enjoy coming here more than whole foods and delight in their fresh produce and large selection.
The best italian deli in arizona!
The food is always made fresh and it may be a little pricey but you get what you pay for....
Plenty of whole foods and friendly staff.
Nice a/c, and fresh, newly stocked fruits, quick, and really nice female cashier.
They have a huge variety of dried fruits with different flavors.
You can try all the fruits too before making a final decision.
It is not a chain and the food is delicious.
The scrambles are delish.
Occasionally i'll opt for some pasta and every option is delicious.
While you wait for your delicious food you can play pool, ms. pacman or pinball.
Great food and great service.
In the safeway deli at chapparal rd.
Off the restaurant week menu, i had: the radish&ricotta salad, the bbq pork shank, and the raspberry gelato&fresh fruit.
The steamed mussels were also delicious, especially with the white wine reduction.
The baked pinto beans and the sauteed collard greens were also delicious and provided a nice complement to the pork!
The cucumber soup is light and refreshing, the hummus was freshly made and the lamb burger and fries were delicious.
Not only was the food fabulous, but the ambiance was refreshing for las vegas.
Our food was top notch.
If you love mediterranean food, this is the place to go.
Loving this afternoon delight!
Love this place the food is consistently fantastic.
Great little hole in the wall middle eastern deli.
There food is great.
Came here on a madison food tour and came back for dinner.
Funky, unpretentious, great food!
If you need that odd ingredient for your oriental recipe, chance are asian midway foods has got it.
I have been dreams about our life together and it  is delicious.
Lots of delicious options, wide variety, quick and friendly service, nice setting.
You order up at the cashier, and they bring your food to your table.
The chicken sandwich, though maybe not the "best ever" as the person delivering it claimed, was certainly good.
It's a good thing to get past that initial impression, because the food really is good.
I always look at the deli but nothing has ever jumped out at me.
Unlike some of the stuff that can be found in the more run down food citys in this town.
I really like being inspired by food to make even better food.
And quality really plays a huge role in inspirational food.
I came here for authentic eastern european food.
They have good ready to eat selection and fresh fruit.
The szechuan noodles and vegetable rice were ah-mazing.
The food is very good authentic italian.
The food was amazing: fresh deli turkey, cranberry, brie with a light tang of horseradish.
I love the concept and love the food!
It's really a nice little place where you can find a ton of fruits, veggies, and other stuff.
Food was excellent as well as staff.
Deli-style with additional interesting french menu items.
I've only been there two times so far but both times the food have been excellent!
We also tried a blueberry scone that was delicious.
Montreal style bagels delivered fresh at least a couple times a week.
The only thing that i was unpleasant with was my cashier at the food court.
Delicious homemade pasta and the prices are very reasonable!!
I got alfredo and my husband got marinara and both were delicious.
The cookies filled with fruit preserves are so good.
When we dine in, we really enjoy the food and the atmosphere.
Both the food and the hookah are great!
If you're a foodie, you simply must check it out.
The variety of delectable spices, cheeses, deli meats, bread, grains and pasta boggle my mind.
With the bigger store came more of a food and drink selection which is always better.
I was so happy i ordered the food i did.
It's delicious on crackers for a snack.
Hit up the deli bar and reward yourself with starbucks.
I'm a big fan of the food and drinks.
The iced lattes are delicious and the grilled bread pudding my boyfriend ordered was so tasty!
This is venezuelan food, and is closer to street food than fancy food.
I only go there to buy japanese cookies, body wash, and standard asian food necessities.
Deli section now employees take a number system, so hungry people are forced to get in line.
The food is high quality and fresh.
Still not as delicious as the dip, though.
As long as they keep that up and my delicious dip is available, i will be a loyal patron.
So much food i had to take some home.
(see pic)  value: 5/5  great value for the quality of food and the portions i received.
I can get claustrophobic when it comes to food on my plate.
The menu is extensive, food is tasty and the service has been consistently good.
Everything turned out excellent, and everyone at the party was very pleased with food.
Try the grill outside at lunch time til 3pm awesome food prices and service!!
They have a great amount of fruit and vegetables.
The water is delicious and bottles are clean.
For bevvies, i like the passion ffruit iced tea to start, and the lychee martini to finish up.
Close to the house so i wandered in for some deli meat and a few other odds and ends.
I am originally from taiwan and i miss so many delicious foods.
I buy lots of ingredients here to make my favorite chinese food at home.
The most amazing part of this store is the hot food bar.
They run ads every friday and there is always fresh veggies and fruits on  sale according to season.
Vegetables are better than anywhere else.
The deli options here are good as well and there's a lot of pasta options.
Baked goods are also delicious!
Family marketplace consistently has the freshest asian vegetables i've ever seen in toronto.
It always smells delish!!
The food is pretty good too.
's does carry fruits that some stores (not even safeway) would carry.
We were looking for star-fruit for a drink garnish and found it there.
This isn't anything like montreal's famous schwartz's, or any other typical jewish deli that you may be familiar with.
This is a traditional quebecois delicatessen that specializes in traditional terrine (country pate) and local cheese.
The infamous foie gras pate was buttery melt in your mouth deliciousness.
We are true food whores, and even we couldn't eat seven hours later.
The food and atmosphere was perfect.
It was reasonably priced and delicious.
Très propre et les fruits et légumes sont frais.
The food was so yummy.
Best food i have had outside of my grandma's kitchen.
Great food at a great price point.
Validated parking, super fun groceries and great food.
Decent sized market that has a hot food section with many choices along with multiple dim sum options.
I will be coming back mainly for the seafood section
Pro:  super-friendly waitress who was happy to help us choose our food.
The food is to die for, i make a point of coming here every time i'm in montreal.
I hadn't been there in years, but, returned to find out the food was still delicious!
Timeshare with full kitchen equals stocking up on food and drinks is a must.
Not sure why people use price as a way to give poor ratings of quality restaurants and food establishments...
With that said, the food is well worth it.
Absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for great italian food in the phoenix area.
Great prices on groceries, deli.
Deli section is good too.
Great delivery drivers and over and above customer service.
I am a happy customer and i would recommend silver springs water as your delivery service.
I've been shopping here regularly since it became a food city several years ago and love it.
Delicious food with generous portion size.
Food came pretty quick.
I loved my spinach pie, which was rich, and vegetable in mediterranean gravy made a good contrast.
I will come definitely come back to try their italian delicacies.
When you enter, there is the bulk section (for nuts, died fruit, and whatnot) with very reasonable rates.
Love this supermarket for the hot food and bakery!
We got some vegetables (bok choy, broccoli, cauliflower, and bell peppers) from the pre-made food bar.
A full box of vegetables was about 1lb.
The cooked vegetables were a little oily but not bad.
:)  as for the supermarket itself, very clean, lots of different products you can purchase other than food.
I love the way they keep their vegetables and fruits.
You will find tons of mostly chinese food, but they do have a good amount of other asian foods.
Great place to buy food!
I wasn't prepared for it to be more like a cafeteria but with really nice food.
We had the short rib special which was delicious.
We order cakes here regularly for business and they are beautiful and delicious.
Also they have a 1/2 aisle of mini food items, and stuff to make a food gift basket.
The cheese/deli area...holy sh*t.  i was in europe this summer and their selection rivals some parisian cheese shops.
Food are relatively healthy and delicious.
Cheese, charcuterie, baked goods, seafood and all the smoked fish you can wished for.
Love this authentic italian deli!
We went to liberty market today and the food and experience was wonderful!
Everything was delicious and fresh!
We actually took to the food to go and ate outside by the water fountains and grass.
Their new fresh foods are so many ch better now.
They've got a nice cheese and meat counter, lots of imported italian goods, and house-made treats, pasta, and other foods.
Food is really good and they got all kinds of food.
Prices are cheap and you get a lot of food for it.
Good food and low prices, you can't beat that!
Great food, great service and interesting seating.
My son said they make you wait in line so you are super hungry looking at all the food.
Only been there a couple times, both times food was great, great service, great coffee too.
Kabobs - for dinner, this is a lot of food.
And of course all of their baked foods you can't beat either.
The chorizo had that extra little kick of heat i look for in mexican food.
Had breakfast here - really nice shady patio and delicious, fresh food with quality ingredients.
The seafood area doesn't smell fishy and the fish and meats look fresh.
Love the bartenders and the food.
I came at night for drinks and dancing, so i cannot speak to the quality of the food, only drinks.
But what i can day is that the drinks were delicious (a little on the pricey side but worth it).
They sell the best fruits and vegetables.
Their deli section is impressive too.
While merchant remained vibrant and energetic with a wonderful drink menu, the food became quite disappointing.
You can have fun looking at the different food items they sell.
The only reason i come here, the food here has a very homely home cooked feel to it.
It seems their health food section has merged with the regular aisles and they are completely under construction...
I entered the store through the food court area, and the bakery caught my eye.
Same owners as joe's farm grill with different but still great food and service.
Good variety of foods to choose from and the location in old downtown gilbert is a great spot.
I always enjoy my adventures at whole food.
Walking around some more it clicked in that i was in an italian food store.
So, i bought a safe that was on sale through costco, which offered free delivery.
Love their foods especially their rice cakes and fruits but this place can improve their cleanliness a little bit more.
But to give all the credit to the service would be an injustice: delicious food as well!
I am literally jealous of anyone who can enjoy any of their delicious boards.
Same layout as others with produce, meats and seafood, frozen, groceries, beer and wine, personal care, etc.
Great store very clean :) remodeling their kids area can't wait for it to be done.
Check in on yelp during your first visit to get a % off food (no alcohol)!
Today i needed food for the eel.
Seafood always fresh and cheese selection is wonderful.
The flat iron steak is super, and their far eastern salad is also delicious.
168 is like that...cept the woman in the red dress is the bakery and the deli.
The food was good but on the pricey side, which we knew.
It pains me to give paymon's three stars, because the food deserves 5-stars.
The people are great and the food is wonderful to almost every sense... beautiful, aromatic, and not that expensive!
They recently added italian food and surprisingly it is very good.
Anyway, with the exception of the falafel they have now, it is a delight!
Update 2.19.2010: i continue to dine here and the food continues to be excellent.
Every one of our dishes was perfect and my friends are food snobs so that says a lot!
What a great authentic italian delicatessen.
The special of the day was a market omelet filled with fresh vegetables.
They also have a hot food bar that looks a little sketch, but i've never tried it.
The hot dogs are delicious but they are gigantic (and a little unsettling to look at).
But it's definitely worth the money if you buy a ton of food at a time.
I got a spicy chicken shawarma and it was delish!!
The garlic bread on top was delicious.
The homemade ricotta and pasta was delicious.
Today they were running samples of a local salsa which was delish!
I come to sprouts for real food so an energy drink is not too exciting for me.
The seafood section is a little sparse, but what they do have is great when they run sales.
I like coming here, mostly to get their delicious sushi.
That's the reason upscale megachains like wegman's, whole foods, etc.
They really have almost every product you would find at giant eagle or, inversely, whole foods.
Handa down best greek food i've had outside of europe!
Authentic food and great service.
As for food, i have yet to be disappointed by my selections.
Sooo tender  gyros salad with feta cheese hit the spot  mama's baklava sinfully delicious   a perfect dinner!!
Which is disappointing but i just make sure to get my fresh fruit elsewhere.
Also there is a hot food station, purchasable individual items but also seat in and eat buffet typed setup.
Go there regularly to get chinese veggies and seafood.
Awesome price for live seafood.
I would recommend to any body who loves russian food.
Place is nice, food is nice.
Only one thing : the food at restaurant is a little pricey.
They have a rolling cart of expired or near expired food at 50% off, but careful with the dates.
In the spring they open a large garden centre, where you can buy flowers, vegetables and plants.
The bocca di rosa & patatine fritte were absolutely delicious and perfectly prepared.
Their hot food is also great.
It's not as big as the one on shea but their flower and food selection is great.
Dried fruits are also reasonable.
We typically love be for quick food, and breakfast all day and my boyfriend loves their salads.
The process is impressive and delicious.
It tastes very fresh and the food is very unique.
This also mans servers only deliver food them disappear.
My go to place for my asian foods!
Food is basically unchanged over the years, and is good for a tasty sit-down mediterranean / middle-eastern meal.
Anything you purchase there is just so delicious.
The best food lion around.
Nice brunch and high quality products for food and cocktails.
You literally can find almost anything in this store when it comes to authentic asian food!
My review is just on the take out chinese food they offer at the deli.
The food brought me back to my childhood and was worth the drive for us.
There wasn't enough room in my tummy to try everything, so it's a good thing they deliver.
The aisles are spacious, food isn't cramped and they offer a wide variety of brands.
So let me start off and say this is the best deli i've ever been to.
They have fresh pizza doe, homemade pasta sauce, oil oils, balsamic vinegars, variety of nuts, crackers, cookies, veggies, fruits, breads.
Rivals any nyc deli and possibly beats due to better pricing.....
The food is great, service was just ok but this is a great spot in old montreal.
The food was really good, charcuterie looks nice on a small platter and everything on the plate was delicious.
Now, for the food....amazing!
Third, their produce is always fresh and they have a great selection of organic meats, veggies and fruits.
One thing that sets sprouts apart from other grocery stores is their selection of granola, dried fruits, spices and snacks.
The food is all made from scratch (not false advertising!).
The restaurant food smelled so good yesterday i almost tried the soup.
Best food for not rich francophile foodies  in montreal.
I'm a fan of smith's food markets.
But everyone loved it, the food was outstanding as was the service.
I'm not a meat eater, so i'll have to trust him when he said it was delicious.
It was awesome it fruit is so delicious and worth the money i spent!
Always have such good food.
The first time we ate here my wife and i got sick from the food.
Since then we have been here about 3 or 4 times and the food has been fantastic.
We are both so happy we came back for another try at your food... and a third and a fourth!
Just found the greatest little italian deli/store in az!
There is a little food court with some good looking food.
If u like to cook or eat mexican food this place is for u .
You get a great selection in bulk food and they often have greatly reduced clothing.
I was looking for a water delivery service to set up after moving into my new place.
This place offers an array of selections in the  fresh seafood department.
Great spot for the freshest seafood and produce!!!
They often have sales for seafood and it's pretty good.
The food arrives before you know it and it comes out of the kitchen steaming hot.
Great service delicious food.
Delivery does not take long.
Liberty market is modern, stylish, and has excellent food and service to back up the impressive atmosphere.
I just love the freshness, authenticity and the simplicity of the food.
But i'd rather have fresh and homely food any day.
Food is greatly priced and you can also find some groceries that are authentic.
We have been very happy with the service and food quality every time we've visited.
They have a little deli counter with freshly made sandwiches, of the hoagie/hero/sub variety, simple but cheap and tasty.
The food quality is second to none.
Aj's equally excels in their deli.
Aj's makes the central market (dfw area) or whole foods (anywhere) look like a soup kitchen.
Great value, fast service, plenty of food for three people, maybe 4.
Great food at great prices.
Awesome food & the some of the   best, friendliest service i've had.
Wonderful family owned local restaurant & deli.
I've never had a bite of food here that i didn't absolutely love.
From a burger & salad for $9 upstairs to deli & bakery downstairs and groceries at decent prices.
So, my one opinion on the one food item i've eaten, the beet salad: goddamn that was good.
They are always the first to suggest random foods that go well together.
I have eaten at the food court numerous times and each time i would order something different.
The pork meat was delicious although mind you there was obvious more bone than meat.
It sure is quite different than some of the other supermarket food courts in terms of selection and variety.
Cant say much more never had hooka there but ate and ate yummy food.
The food took a few minuets to arrive, but it was fantastic.
Just about anything you try will be delicious for the area!
Omg it was delicious!
The food is fresh and the staff helpful and friendly.
The food was fresh (even the prepackaged goods) and the baked goods were so yummy.
Good food and very nice presentation...i wish i lived closer!
Once i grew up and started appreciating better food and drink, this place became part of the normal grocery routine.
While i appreciate rare experiences, when it comes to food items, i like to indulge.
I have recently found italian bliss and have since given birth to an italian "food baby" and proudly so.
This place delivers what it advertises.
It feels authentic and tastes delicious.
I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and i was upset.
He also mentioned that this weekend (april 28-30) they are celebrating their grand opening with korean food (including jap chae.
The deli peeps are super friendly and always ready to help!
So whether it is through a delivery app or that you walk in, i definitely recommend this spot!!
Great people ... amazing food .
It's always about making sure the prices are good and the food, both tasty and nutritious.
The food is good - both to take home as groceries, and to dine-in.
The staff was extremely courteous, especially in the deli.
Loved it, great food good selection, goodmluck finding a seat!
It's clean, they're open 24 hours, and the deli has better selection of healthful items than most other locations.
Service is somewhat lacking but the food makes up for it.
Whole foods is definitely on the high end of the grocery totem pole.
The seafood and butcher section are great as well.
The food as usual very very good.
Seating already saved for you prior to ordering the food.
The food is always great but today john was the 3 cherries on the sundae.
In addition to seafood specials, they quite often have super produce specials.
Our omelets came on a small cutting board and were delicious.
Not a fan of waiting in line but, the food is worth it!
Andreoli is mainly a restaurant with an italian deli and a few dry goods.
You order at the counter, but the food is brought to your table.
The vegetarian sandwich was delicious in all respects, a kind of eggplant parmesan on a roll.
Always reliable for fresh, delicious food.
Excellent prepared foods section including sandwiches, soups, entrees, all sorts of very tasty food.
Very clean facility and has a food court which is nice to grab lunch then grab some groceries.
Good food, attentive staff -- all in a gracefully redesigned historic space.
Several great options and the burgers look delicious.
Being a pretty healthy eater who loves to cook with quality foods, heinen's is like heaven to me.
You can find health foods that are pretty difficult to find at your average dave's or giant eagle.
Better produce, meats, cheeses, organics, pre-made foods and healthful varieties.
Whether you want a quick sandwich, something to heat up for dinner--whatever, you'll find delicious, scratch-made items here.
Heinen's is definitely for people who have a passion for cooking and love quality foods.
I also tried their burritos and the food is great tasting i'm all for supporting small businesses!
The food is absolutely amazing!
Another department i would like to recognize is the deli.
Fresh food counter always has good deals and their sushi is pretty good.
The sandwiches were still warm and smelled delicious.
By far my fav whole foods i've visited across america.
They have an incredible selection of food for a place that's really pretty small, and the prices are ludicrous.
Pouches of indian food like panak paneer and dal are $2.19.
Aj's is great for a top meat and seafood selection.
My favorite item is their chicken curry salad from the deli!
Love it here... food and the hookah are good... really friendly staff...
Great restaurant, food & service!
A hip, family-friendly, easy-going place to get great food and beverages in a clean, clever setting.
We've now been several times and the food has never let us down.
I don't see a james beard award in the future, unless they give one for consistently delicious, honest comfort food.
So for what it is: friendly, sincere, fresh, honest, well-thought out, comfy, delicious, consistent, complete and did i mention friendly?
The food arrives at our table, and it is huge.
The four of us ate and ate and ate, and still there was more food on the table!
All of that food, including the extra rillette, and a glass of wine came up to $89.00 not including tip.
I meal prep quite a bit so i get all my meat, fish, veggies, and fruits from here.
And i am a foodaholic."
The ready made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli delight to name two.
Yes, it' s called brocolli delight.
The best thing about trader joe's is that you can get consistently healthy, good food for reasonable prices.
Okay, so their beef soup is so flavourful even though there aren't any chunks of food in it.
I opted for the latte with soy milk in house and it was delicious.
Good food, but avoid the place during any busy hours.
The bread pudding is soooooo delicious!
Great food, friendly service.
Delicious, eye catching meats and cheeses on display and friendly staff on hand.
As i waited my eyes wondered the various imported canned food and pasta items for sale.
Asian grocery store comparable to seafood city without the massive crowd.
Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, flavorful food.
The food has always been good, i have tried quite a few dishes here and have always been very happy.
Food is okay (not really that impressed).
The deli has a wide assortment of cooked chinese fast food options at a cheap price, including the dim sum.
The food was decent, but maybe it was just that i ordered the wrong items.
I specifically went here for the convenience food factor.
They have orange food, green food,  yellow food, everything you need in veggies and fruits.
They have some frozen foods mainly items that are organic, vegan, you know, healthy frozen foods.
They have food bins  for all kinds of nuts, raisins, grains, etc.
Additionally, the cake was delicious.
This place was like a dollarstore for food.
The top-notch italian food, the people and the casual atmosphere can't be more authentic!
My green falafel sandwich was freshly made, hot, and delicious.
It's so delicious i'm salivating just writing it out.
Lunch options, i love getting the greek salad with gyro meat or anything with their delicious french fries.
-eggs and omelettes were delicious--with fantastic crunchy potatoes on the side.
The service is always so good and friendly and then there's the food...delicious!!!
Many many excellent varieties of frozen foods available.
(dumplings, shrimp, all sorts of seafood and other proteins, vegetables. )
A great place to enjoy the food, cocktail, and the atmosphere.
Liberty market simply has the best comfort foods known to man.
The meat was out of this world and the au jus was delicious.
Super friendly staff there to help you decide on what to order and deliver the food to the table.
They have a very nice selection of custom cocktails that are all delicious.
The food was great and the desserts were rich and tasty!
Nice quality of foods, but you have to order at cashier's desk.
To my delight the bread pudding was excellent.
The food was excellent and nearly enough for two.
Love the deli, fresh produce, and all the organic options.
In my opinion - sprouts is better than trader joe's and whole foods.
I am really happy to see them doing this....helps people make better and more informed food choices!
They also have a good selection of food, but the fries are a must!
I would agree with another reviewer that sometimes the prepared food does look fired out and crusted over.
Real food, real people.
But they have good deals on fruit (berries) most weeks.
The prices are very good especially if u have vons club card  keep up more organic fruits and vegetables!
Low-key, cool waiters/resses, good food, reasonable prices.
Ordered chicken kabab in my order of small hummus that was delicious!
Today we got an italian hoagie and a ceasar salad and they both were delicious.
Cheaper than whole foods though.
The biscuits and gravy is delicious, you are not going to find a better combo in az!
I give it 4 stars because the food was so-so, unfortunately.
I wish the whole foods where i live had this.
I didnt actually shop there but i love whole foods anyway.
I wish they had delivery service.
Itheir foods on the menu.
They are super delicious!!!
We always have good food from this location.
The service, the food, the drinks, the vibe, the creativity....i could go on!
The food is wonderful the people are friendly presentation on the plate is excellent always enjoy my visit
They have a full service deli & small grocery section with weekly deals.
Okay, i also enjoy the other food!
I prefer to pay the few extra bucks for excellent service, clean and ambient restaurant setting, and for good food!
A refreshing way to order our food.
It's multi-grain, only 70 calories a slice with 6 grams of protein in each delicious cut.
Best food, i have tried sandwich s pasta,soups, and deserts .all so good
Great little middle eastern deli market!
Customer service is great but some times, the food is expired.
As someone following a plant based keto lifestyle, its tough to find food to eat.
Good for chinese style good and other asian fare, as well as specific asian style of foods, condiments, and spices.
Often, some of the more "exotic" fruits and vegetables are less expensive than at the major grocery store retailers.
Delivery guy anthony byers is very helpful personable & friendly also great tasting water!!
You've got your requisite sections--produce, meat, deli, bakery, and so on.
This place is a complete family environment oriented with the delicious delivery of the high quality of food servings.
They never compromise on their quality and food serving.
In addition to food and drinks, they have a great selection of dishes.
The food court serves delicious food.
Everything i've ever had at lm has been high quality, delicious, and fun to try.
I'm disappointed in myself for not getting dessert or iced coffee, but i needed room for food.
I think that should be an entire separate trip because the food was too good to stop myself.
Very cheap drinks and food, both of which were pretty good.
I stuffed my face with what seems like several pounds of deliciousness over the next few days.
One of my favorite markets when i lived in vegas, mostly because of their bakery and hot foods section.
As for their grocery section, they have a very good selection of various asian products, as well as seafood.
The croque monsieur and casserole were absolutely delicious!
Best deli in the city.
I typically go to just pick up their cooked foods and sushi when i am too lazy to cook.
From the customer service to the food, 5 stars all day long!
We ordered food and walked around the store while we waited.
That being said, we all thoroughly enjoyed our food.
Great place to get your produce and to have some real mexican food!
You need a good presentation, but you need to deliver on quality.
Figure out how to continuously deliver what you promise.
Good food, good prices and amazing customer service.
The food is great!
The premade boars head sandwiches at the deli are delicious.
The deli  service can be slow at times but is worth the wait.
It feels more like a whole foods honestly.
We went there to pick up desserts for a party and they were absolutely delicious.
I ordered the farmer sandwich (veggies + goat cheese) which was delicious, and a perfect size.
Spacious, decorated in fine mediterranean style, & really gets you engaged in the culture of the food.
The felafel pita itself was delicious as well.
The owner was very nice and the food was very good and also not expensive.
Everything was delicious, there could've been a few more fries though.
Always clean and i love the products they have and all their pre made food.
The food is excellent.
But for milk, butter, cereal, canned foods - commodities - why pay more when you can pay so much less?
First off, i came here and was really surprise by the food, it is innovative, creative, and very delicious.
Who can resist the fresh and organic fruits and vegetables?
So glad huntersville got the whole foods markets!
I love dry mango from whole foods.
They always have a great variety of cheeses, ready to go meals, meats, fresh fruits and ready prepared veggies.
I also purchased new food bars that are pure ingredient.
I prefer the fry's deli over albertson's, hands down.
Liberty market is so delicious!!
This place is usually pretty crowded, but it's only because the food quality is so high.
All of them were delicious.
The manicotti are delicious and only take 20 minutes in the oven!
However, i finally got the courage to go to this food city.
I've been to phoenix food city locations in the past, and they have all been really gross.
Hooka lounge is a great evening on the sideline from the strip.
Everyone enjoyed their food.
Prices are fair and vegetable are fresh.
The deli is quite the interesting little place.
They seemed to have a vast array of authentic italian foods for cooking at home.
Cool atmosphere, great food , exceptional coffees.
They even have a gluten free section with a variety of cool snacks and frozen foods.
V had the toddy (iced coffee drink) and caprese salad - the spanish latte was delicious .
Debi's husband gabriele carlos heard liberty market utilize a wood fired grill (gabriele loves food cooked on wood fire grills).
Great food, friendly and fast service - affordable.
Second, awesome lunch food.
Nothing on the menu is too greasy and as far as i know most of the food is local.
Best whole foods i've ever been to!
I don't mind the drive up to this location because i always find fresh healthy food and friendly staff!
If your into sautéed flavored food this place is a must.
Des tonnes de légumes et de fruits dont certains assez exotiques!
If you're looking for great mediterranean food , this is the place !
Delish and at a great price!
I enjoy the nice folks in the deli and the butcher.
Nice big portions and great food.
Their meat and seafood departments are clean, don't smell and the floor is dry.
I haven't tried their takeout cooked food yet, but they look yummy!
Smith's has become my new go to grocery store (besides trader joes) for fresh meat and other random food.
Did i mention that they have the best food prices in town?
The food was amazing.
Went to the deli and angel made me an awesome turkey sandwich.
They serve late night food and bring in a dj around 10:30 to spin some alright stuff.
Great concept, great food, and a very savvy menu.
Obviously the food has to be good and authentic if it is full of people from that country.
The food was excellent and out of the norm.
I invite other culinary explorers to try this restaurants italian food.
Great food, great service and great happy hour prices!
Liberty market has provided consistently satisfying food with a polite and competent staff.
Last time i ordered the grilled salmon which was cooked to perfection and served with mediterranean vegetables and vermicelli pilaf.
(the pilaf was delicious but the veggies were kinda weird...
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for middle eastern food in vegas!
Great food, great selection - crowded at lunch though.
Expect to pay about $25 per person if you want food and a beverage.
Such a great authentic deli.
A unique item to this whole foods is it a burger bar made out of reclaimed containers.
Amazing cinnamon rolls, the freshest ingredients, delicious menu options.
Like a whole foods, except more regular food and coke, slightly less organic.
Penn mac is a "foodie" place and it is a go-to tourist place.
Great craft cocktails and tasty food.
Excellent choice for out of town guests and showing off what the madison food and drink scene is about.
My food came out right.
It took way too long for the food.
Our food was outstanding.
Oh ajs, you never let me down for delicious, impulsive purchases.
Only in you could i drop 11 dollars on a deli lunch and be happy about it.
Or buy fruity beverages i have never heard of just because i see them there.
I have yet to try the same thing twice at the deli, bakery or italian pasta/pizza counters.
The food here is splendid and the breakfast is no different.
The wine was delicious and the pizzas looked amazing.
The food, the staff, just about everything is fantastic.
The wait can be long, but once you order, the food comes very quick.
On one side there is the deli.
Even though it was packed, there was a traditional deli number system and the line moved quickly.
I was able to get delicious bags of rolls for but one get one free.
Great selection of foods and great prices !!!
The food is excellent and extremely authentic.
I ordered a fresh juice which had grapefruit, strawberries and hint of banana.
Food too, was absolutely excellent.
First timers so it quick, easy and delicious.
(thxs jeff k) the food was great, loved my pizza and my wife's chicken sandwich.
Vons is my go to store for deli and bakery items.
The deli selection of meat and cheese are my favorite among the different grocery chains.
The meats are fresh and delicious.
So when i come home from a long day; i know the food i'm nuking is at least healthy.
It really was very delicious and fresh.
It has got fresh produce(fruits and veggies and some meat) and a great variety of noodles, korean snacks, etc.
I'd be a perfect sphere, full of delicious greek olive oil and nothing would hurt.
House made pasta, bread, the best deli meat and cheeses  and baked goods.
The people who work here are friendly, and the food always comes out quick and tastes great!
They have a complete solution starting with ready to eat meals to a huge variety of vegetables and meat .
It's my best kept secret for bulk food and other food related items.
The food has always been very consistent.
Overall the food quality is very good and you can tell they source fresh ingredients.
I'm so happy with your product but even more pleased with robert, your delivery man.
The place where you might encounter the not nicest people is at the deli and bakery section.
If the hot food is not out by 11 am let the lead cashier know.
Fruit and veggies always fresh and the stock people are very helpful when you can't find something.
And some grapefruit juice.
The food is locally sourced and the menu changes seasonally.
The boards included a variety of cheeses, meats and vegetables.
The food was great - had the cassoulet and a nice salad nicoise.
Great & fresh food.
We've had a good amount of food here including - the burger, different sandwiches, desserts & coffee.
Food was good, but pricey.
Perfect blend of spices and vegetables.
My friend had the croque madame which was equally delicious.
However, the food is good, drinks are great, and it's a fun atmosphere.
& were really delighted with this one!
Full of products tough to find elsewhere and their in house made beverages, chocolate, and fermented foods are amazing.
So bloom is owned by food lion--except bloom is the non-ghetto version that was meant to compete with harris teeter.
The problem is that some brainiac at the food lion corporate office decided that bloom was no longer to be.
Thus--all blooms are now food lions.
It's almost like they've strategically placed dirt and goop to give it that food lion feel.
They are willing to work with you with anything you need from payments and delivery.
Fruits are jaw droppin cheap..
Great food, cool environment.
Now for the deli 0!
My husband and i shop here a few times a week for the majority of our food and misc items.
We've never had a problem throughout the store except for the deli counter.
I physically pulled my phone out to see what time it was to make sure the deli was still open.
The deli has multiple signs stating their hours which say they close at 10pm.
They always have a great variety of fruit and vegetables that are organic.
We did sunday brunch and it was delicious!
And as i said the food is farm to table fresh and so so good.
Not only is it mediterranean food but they offer italian and curry dishes as well.
What great service by vance at the deli meat dept.!
He gave me slices of deli for me to try  before i purchase.
By far my favorite whole foods around the us so far.
The foods are fresh and the staffs are friendly.
Btw they have fruit smoothies with protein powder for $6.
Its always fun to find new drink and food items.
Love the real italian food.
Wow, who would have expected this gem in a mall food court?
For a food court option, the menu here is extensive, just like you would find at a sit-down mexican place.
You know the food is good when the flavors linger in your mouth several minutes after you eat.
Their food court is definitely quiet comparatively, so if you are looking for a bustling food court, look elsewhere.
Not sure about the meat selection but a lot of vegetarian options and good frozen food aisle
I was dealing with cheryl at the deli she got my order fast with a very kind attitude.
The salad bar, deli, and soups are pretty solid too.
All were delicious, some were a little heavier on the potato and didn't have as much other flavor as expected.
The smoked kielbasa that came with my plate was delicious!
She carefully put the arrangement in a special box and gave me extra flower food as well.
Amazing ethnic food too good to be true!
The processed foods are a little pricy, but that's only because they are organic or specialty foods.
Do yourself a favor:  walk into the deli room, stop, close your eyes, and breathe in deeply.
Everything they make is delicious!!!
From the bakery to the deli everything is awesome!!!
Love all the woman in the deli!!!
This location in particular, however, is a foodie's paradise.
The food and service are particularly good at this location.
The deli sandwiches are very tasty and a fair price if you get their specials.
This is the best italian food i have ever had in az.
Service could improve a little but food was quick out and delicious
I like to go there for specialty items or for their deli.
Their deli is pretty diverse, and i have enjoyed everything i have tried so far!
Hands-down the best greek food in all of las vegas.
My not be the cheapest in town, but the price is justified by the quality of the food.
Fruit is pricey here!
It is european and italian..... small delicious sandwiches, great coffee, and wonderful small plates of pasta.
My favorite was a merengue dessert with frosting - delicious!
We found the last small table by the windows and waited for our food which arrived quickly.
The farmer sandwich had fresh vegetables and goat cheese.
Very fresh and healthy food.
Just moved here from ny and was trying to find some italian delicatessens and found this place.
I ordered a small sandwich and holy moly it was delicious!
Their prices are almost always fantastic and the fruits & veggies are fresh.
They have a lot of cutesy displays in their store that my home food lion doesn't have.
They also have some items that my local food lion doesn't carry.
The pierogi were delicious (don't forget to try the sweet ones too) and the place has a cool european vibe.
In the meantime the hostess finds you a table while you order and pay for your food.
The food can't be best, and the drinks are adventurous and amazing.
Ask for hannah as your server, she always delivers fabulous service on top of a great meal.
Great mediterranean cafe, the food is incredible, especially the hummus and pita.
Everyone else i was with really enjoyed their food and got what they wanted!
Love finding interesting food, love tasting whatever they're sampling.
Food came out fast.
Great food from the guy who brought us joes bbq and joes farm grill.
I was surprised to find a deli there now.
The food was very tasty and fresh.
In our neighborhood, this is the only viable option for quality food at a fair price.
There is so much delicious food here.
Just learned today that this store also offers hot foods, wraps, etc.
Fresh seafood selection is amazing.
I think it's totally omfg crazyawesome that said coffee is actually really, really delicious.
The food quality, taste, and presentation were amazing!
I've mostly been there for breakfast which is always delicious!
They have a wonderful selection of asian-indian food and spices, which overlap with other asian foods and spices as well.
Overall, they serve up amazingly fresh, authentic, and organic greek food for an amazing price!
Food: alas, the things that makes serafim the true gem that it is......the food!
They also have excellent salads and fresh seafood.
The next time i went i got the chickpea salad to go from the deli case and it was delicious!
Also go some greek coffee and another order of the vegetable tagine........it is to die for!
The food is authentic, made fresh, and made with love in every bite....sounds cheesy but it's the truth.
The place isn't as busy as galleria nor is the food court full of patrons.
Well, i really don't go to a grocery store for food court anyway.
It's our go to place for some of the veggies, and some prepare foods.
My two boys even love their food.
They closest i can compare this to is haji baba and the food at baiz is hands down better.
We ordered up our food of a menu with plenty of delicious options and loved it all.
Everyone had great things to say about their order and we devoured the food.
The menu is vast and all the food options we chose had bold flavors and were delicious.
It is easy to get in, be seated, and the food is yummy!
It is the most authentic korean food that i have found in toronto so far!
The cheesecurds are also amazing (if a bit salty, even for cheesecurds), and they're served with a really delicious sauce.
Very clean, lots of employees to help you, sooooo many food and vitamin selections.
The deli area is wonderful, they make sandwiches (anything you want & you choose what goes in it!)
What a bargain!also got a few of the pasta salads which were delicious (a bit pricey on this).
Beautiful fruit and vegetable selection as well.
I really like this place- consistently good cocktails and food!
The other day i stopped by fry's deli to get a sandwich for lunch.
I was hungry and immediately went to the food court area where various selections of food is readily available.
The food were all very yummy it was a decent price too.
The food court was a decent size and was clean.
They have a self serve water station which reminds me of the food courts in seoul!
After buying some groceries i headed to the food court again for bingsoo which was being sold because it's summer!
It was surprisingly tasty considering it was done in the food court.
We were not disappointed with the food or atmosphere.
Hot food bar was a great tgif dinner.
Their prepared foods are definitely of a higher quality.
Good service, decent location, shelves are always stocked and the sandwiches at the deli are really good.
This is such a nice family owned food market.
This store focuses on organic foods, supplements, and vegan options for a healthy lifestyle.
I prefer mustard seed to whole foods because it is quieter, better lit, and easier to get through.
The crowds and pretense at whole foods is annoying.
It was this russian (i think) brand and the toothpaste is pink and tastes vaguely fruity/herbacious.
Fiance said he liked his food as well.
If you are low income,  you can have a great meal with food stamps here.
Love shopping here for fresh meats, vegetables and seafood!
For the ready-to-eat food, the freshly made taiyaki is always good!
After 7 pm, most of their ready-to-eat foods tend to go on sale for 20-30% off.
Let me tell you the vegetables where super fresh, even better then what i would have picked my self!!
I was needing a cupcake fix and man did this place deliver.
The food and spices i bought would have easily cost me $30 but i left spending only $6!
As for the restaurant the food was great.
Delicious, unicorn-like freshly-made cheese curds!
My mom and i walked in through their prepared foods entrance.
Thankfully, their prepared foods section does have a lot of english.
We had about a big square takeout box and a half's worth of food left over after we finished.
The hot foods section had at least 3 different soups, and 6 different hot dishes.
They all looked delicious.
I have yet to try their hot deli section or their seafood/meat section but their produce is cheap and good.
I've never had meditteranean food until i went to paymon's.
Damn did we have a lot of food on our table for just four people!
Besides the athens fries i don't recall what we had, but they were all so delish.
Everything about this place is awesome- the food, waiters/waitresses and atmosphere!
Imagine, food that is delivered in a modern eclectic manner, served fast and at a very reasonable price.
You will not be disappointed if you appreciate great tasting food served in a vibrant atmosphere.
The food is prepared in front of the patrons, no hiding.
You order via counter service, find your table/booth and then the food is brought to you.
Which explains the fresh food!
It's meant to be enjoyed and relaxed... no fast food... no hurry... just a great dining experience!
The delivery was within 30 minutes and the food hot considering that it's really cold outside.
Generous size portions and food was on point.
Aj's truly is the purveyor of fine foods!
They serve complimentary bread with olive oil and the olive oil was delicious.
Overall, this was a fantastic place to eat and to try ukrainian, polish, and russian style of food.
I did not know this and i used almost my entire lunch break waiting for food.
The desserts they gave me were delicious.
And their other fruit selections is always top quality!
Too bad you can't really buy single servings, but that's okay since i love food.
This is the usual place i go for my food needs.
This was my first time experiencing this type of food.
My boss is a frequent food connoisseur and ordered great food.
The athens fries were delicious.
Some of the best home italian food i've had since i moved to scottsdale.
The "prepared" food section is the best part for me.
If it's not the food it's the amazing staff making you feel right at home.
The coffee is amazing and the food is just as fantastic.
Lunch has delicious salads, although i typically split a pizza with someone.
A perfect foodie birthday!
They are still moving things around so there isn't much that's new as far as dry foods go.
The food (priority number one for me), the atmosphere, the service...
I think i embarrass kyle when we go out to eat... whatever i like my food beezies!
The food was delicious, the waitress was great (after the initial hiccup), and they redeemed themselves 100 times over!
Great place for charcuterie meats, cheese, premade food items, small amounts of raw meats, etc.
My husband my mother and i was walking the mall and came across the fruit stand.
Talked with the really nice guy from the fruit stand let us try a bunch of different fruits.
We placed an order to be delivered at 7pm and they were there on time.
This is a large spacious store with an atm, western union services, floral, bakery, fish market, delicatessen and pharmacy.
Great food great friendly service will become a regular thank u again
I tried banh mi for the first time and it was delicious!
I tried the number 1 and at first bite, it's a regular ham deli sandwich.
They also have other vietnamese food and food has to be taken to go.
In the next room, you'll find fresh fruit, vegetables and herbs before you reach the check-out counter.
The seafood and prime beef here can't be beat.
They also have some really great produce and i actually come here more often for fruit and veggies.
The quality of food (i had the cuban sandwich) was good.
I left with more than what i was looking for and enjoyed all of the food i did purchase.
The breadsticks are fantastic and the chicken madison is absolutely delicious!
I'm personally not concerned for the decor, as i go here for food and not the decorations.
There is a large variety of prepared foods, a hefty salad bar, delicious sushi, etc.
We ordered and the food was great and the service was amazing.
I just finished my meal and it was simply delicious.
Glaziers - your seafood, butcher, and produce still cannot be beat !
But after i ordered, the food came out pretty quick and it was very good too!
The food is soooo yummy.
All of seemed to like our food, but the waitress was a little slow.
However, the food was incredible and drinks were fabulous.
Delicious hummus appetizer too.
As a self proclaimed foodie these were easily two of my favorites i've had the pleasure of enjoying!
Kind of a whole foods meets nordstrom with a bit of london's harrod's thrown in.
We had the salad bar and deli salads for lunch which were great.
Their food was good, too!
I was looking for a market that specialized in middle eastern foods and this was close to my home.
They also have an area where you can eat food purchased here.
I stood just staring at the dried fruit and nuts like it was a maze.
Cleanliness is obviously huge for a store selling food.
Good selection of salads, hot food and sandwiches.
Full fruit pies and cakes, bars, cookies, macaroons and so much more.
A big selection of prepared foods like salads, parmesans, pastas, etc.
And other italian specialty foodstuffs, along with produce.
However, the one gruff lady with the hair net in back of the deli.
I get it- "its a deli, oldschool, quick and efficient, ya in ya out, and no time for pleasantries".
Worlds better than any deli around.
Forever i've been trying to catch some at diana's seafood (pun intended) with no luck.
Every single thing is so delish!
I think the service is just as important as the food!
Tons of great food and ingredients to make great dishes yourself.
There are lots of cheeses, salami, pastas, sauces, olives in the deli section.
It has a wide variety of banh mi sandwiches, as well as spring rolls and other vietnamese food.
Complete with healthy food, fruit and a turn-table.
Food was as good as i remembered.
$10 is not cheap for this dish, but it's gigantic and delicious (comes with chips).
I love the deli and the staff always recommend certain brands of deli meat and cheeses.
I am so looking forward to my next trip to phoenix to try some of the delicious looking pizza.
The schrieners italian sausage was so delish and the potatoes smothered in cheese-so good.
There is a bakery area and a deli area where you can buy freshly cooked to-go food.
Need to make an effort to come when i'm hungry as their food looks delicious!
If your looking for amazing food, amazing customer service, a one in a million atmosphere, go to liberty market!!!
The workers are always really nice and friendly and they have such great food.
Make sure to come very, very early if you want a chance at getting one of their delicious spinach pies.
After reading many food critics heap accolades upon andreoli's for the last few years we finally ate there last week.
You order at the counter, take a table, and the food will be brought out to you.
The food: almost indescribable.
I love this place, great menu and food.
This was my first experience with hookah-ing and everything was delightful.
They were packaged up so nicely and each kabob had more than enough chicken and vegetables on the skewer.
This is absolutely delicious italian food.
I like to look at all of the exotic food and wonder what you do with it.
I love the deli and the fact that i use my app for all my discounts and points.
Absolutely delicious and charming.
I love their restaurant food... birria is bomb!!
It's like s trader joe's/whole foods meets aldis.
The thing they give you after your order will vibrate when food is ready, which is pretty cool.
You get so much food for the money.
My go to place for vegetables (when the seasonal markets don't cut it).
We both got the farmers vegetable scramble, as he raved it is his favorite.
We couldn't help but stare at everyone's food around us as literally everything looked so mouth watering.
Sprouts is basically a whole foods without the customary grabbing of the ankles at the cash register.
The only downside is the meat/deli section.
Overall, i am glad we have korea mart as another choice for korean foodstuffs.
The food is sometimes unbelievable and sometimes disappointing.
When i drive by downtown gilbert, i have food affairs because of the picnic salad.
The food is consistently exceptional.
I go there because the persian and mediterranean food they serve is right on!
This place is on any food tour i have when people visit.
Great food and a terrific store!
If i'm feeling fancy, i drive to the aj's on lincoln (also owned by bashas', as is food city).
Now i have to go back to try the food lol
Who even knew you could buy this much bulk food??
Wow - look at all of the fruits and veggies i had today - that is pretty impressive, huh?!
Great food, warm & inviting service and the best part?
Amazing food and drinks with knowledgeable staff.
He was so happy to help us, and even told us a little bit about some new food trends.
I shop here frequently, because i love organic food, and it is reasonably priced here.
We come here every weekend whenever my mom feels like making asian food at home.
From hair products to junk food, even new tea to drink.
And i love their bakery/deli selections.
Their deli items are pretty good for the price.
Thanks a lot for the high standard foods and beverages with the reasonable price.
Needless to say that one meal provided her food for two more meals.
Overall, sprouts is mini 'whole foods' that is easy on your wallet.
Salad bar/deli: if you are looking for a fresh sandwich or salad bar, come here to grab some grub.
It's made with too many delicious things, including red peppers.
The ideal place to shop for chefs looking to add good flavor to their foods.
Love going to whole foods and exploring the store for new items to try.
We've purchased a strawberry cake for a birthday dinner as well as cookies and all have been delicious!
Limited prepared food section is available.
Here's a list of some of the items i have tried:  salmon blt - delicious!
Liberty bowl - hearty and delicious!
It is totally different from any other restaurant here in az and the food is so fresh and delish!
The food was definitely above average, but the ambience and vibe of the place made it a five star experience.
Above average food, friendly service, and a great ambience gives andreoli's a well deserved five stars.
Lots of prepared foods to go.
Love all the fresh produce and the deli counter serves the boarshead meats.
Always a great place to stop for a little gift or food speciality item for a party.
Half the price of what a local deli charges for almost the exact same thing.
It is store that offers eastern european food stuffs.
There is a good selection of deli meats.
I've been on a mission to try more food and drinks from different countries and this restaurant checks off 3!
The potato pancakes are essentially large hash browns but still delicious nonetheless.
The waitress did not know the food or what ouzo was or how to serve it.
The food was great had baba ganosh which we shared and found delightful.
All in all great food
I also like the fresh deli items.
Trader joe's is so much better than whole foods in every way.
And the quality is outstanding, so much better than whole foods!
Finally got food here after walking by hundreds of times.
Portions were huge for the price and the food tasted great.
Really good comfort food with simple ingredients.
Will definitely be going there until it makes the change to food lion!
I definitely recommend this location for health food shoppers.
Parking can be a pain but the food is worth it.
), this rabba fine foods store is on my list of places to hit up starting tomorrow.
Follows the basic store layout with produce, deli, bakery to the right and wine on your left.
As you cross the store groceries progress toward wares becoming less edible until you end up in frozen foods.
I am always pleased by the food, service and atmosphere.
Now it is fruity.
Best international food store in charlotte.
The food that i have gotten this last visit and the visit before that has been fantastic.
You end up getting more food then you thought you were going to get.
Most delicious hummus, grape leaves and baklava ever!!
They have lots of fruits here, fruits u wouldnt find in another asian grocery store.
They have fresh seafood as well as a butchery section and hot food ready to eat section.
They are the only home or office water delivery service.
You'll find this eatery inside the baiz fresh foods market.
This place has an incredible selection of deli options all at pretty, darn competitive prices.
We had a big group there and the food was superb.
I have never seen so many types of vegetables in a market.
Food: check, double check, triple check.
If that alone doesn't convince you to get it, it's delicious, sweet, and spicy.
It's delicious, but kind of forgettable.
The food is excellent and comes out very fast, even when it's busy.
Their food is amazing, i have yet to be disappointed by anything they have served.
The food is delicious but i end up having the same thing every time...mousaka!
Great spot for a fresh sandwich at lunch and a throwback to the way foods supposed to taste.
The store also has prepared food and baked goods, again available in vegan and gf versions as well.
They have a really nice and well stocked bulk food section and a decent selection of produce.
They have a place where you can sit and eat any prepared food you buy and a juice bar to.
The vegetables look amazing, the selection very good, and fitting to the season.
The ambience is nothing to write home about but the food makes up for it ten-fold.
He complained that the american food was nothing like polish food.
Penn mac is where it's at with all things food and especially, italian food.
Here you will find all of the cheeses you could ever want, and the best deli meats too.
Wonderful employees, wonderful food, wonderful experience every time!
Love love love the liberty market deli.
Just had another delicious lunch at yusef's.
He said that all of the food was very good.
Stop here for great fruit.
You don't wait to be seated, you wait in a line to order your food.
Once you order your food and pay, you sit at your table and wait for the food to come out.
The food i've had here is nothing to die for, but it's well done and presented nicely.
The food has always been great.
The food is very flavorful.
If you want, you can add hot sauce and spices made by paymon's to your food.
The your in the mood for mediterranean food, this is the only place in vegas that will deliver.
But it was the food that blew me away!
I've never had any italian food taste this good in my life!
Yes, another italian deli/grocer review.
This place reminds me of the deli my grandmother used to take me to when i was a kid.
Fried chicken and all the korean food in the world.
This grocery store has nearly everything you want if you are making korean food.
So i visited ton'y italian deli on three separate occasions recently.
The fish and seafood area in the back of the store is spotless, and keeps bringing me back for more.
Not a budget place to shop but worth it if you're craving food from the motherland.
Recently, i purchased organic fresh beets & they were delicious!
The pet food in particular is a great deal.
You can get cans of cat food for as low as 33 cents each.
Sometimes the cans of cat food are even lower.
You can also get huge bags of cat food for about $10.00 or lower.
You obviously want to buy the food items that are the freshest.
There are also tons of cheap items in the carts next to the pet food.
Authentic preparation of food delivery and quality -need not miss going to italy this summer.
For a soup, salad and delicious tea lunch, paymon's gets the job done.
When i couple that with a bowl of their lentil soup and passion fruit iced tea, i am super content.
It isn't particularly fancy, but their lentil soup is nicely seasoned and has some hearty vegetables floating about.
So, i've bought cheese, groceries, had coffee and food at this place regularly.
I find just about all i need from, food, snacks, beverages, vitamins, and organic household goods.
Overall, a great non-chain place for unique and delicious food.
When you enter from the southern side you'll see starbucks immediately to the right and the deli to the left.
Very unique selections of decoratives, food, jewelry, etc.
Prices are decent for food products but a bit high for home goods.
Great ambience with good food.
So glad we did, incredible service and food.
We had the most delicious wine.
Food and service is good, the dining room got remodeled a few years ago and still looks fresh.
Coffee and chorizo were pretty good, coming from a tucson mexican-foodie spoiled by our unesco-recognized t-town cuisine.
Service, food, decor all excellent.
Not only does liberty market offer gilbert residents quality food, they do it at a reasonable price.
So that explains some of the good food.
My kids had fun trying different nuts, dried fruits and a few candies.
There were some great deals on fruit.
Clean and very helpful meat and deli people!
It's a little more expensive than some, but i trust the food here.
There is a full deli, but i went for breakfast.
We got the fruit crepes with chocolate.
Delicious soup, great service.
You can choose from a variety of local cheeses, fresh fruit, produce, deli foods and prepared food items too.
This isn't just a deli or a grocery.
Food was very good overall.
Hubby ordered demi-breakfast with scrambled eggs(only preparation option on weekends), bacon, pancake, and fruit.
Everything was delicious, and i loved the potatoes even thought i hate onions normally.
Went in thursday afternoon for the food.
Food service was very good, if a little slow.
I love american discount foods.
Pet food, yes please, is another thing i get from there.
They had last week almo nature wet cat food for $7.99 a case.
If you aren't familiar with almo nature it is one of the least processed cat foods you can get.
Delicious cheese curds, very generous portions, great service... what more could you ask for?
This place is delicious, try the kabob plater omggg amazing, especially the lamb.
Some of the best food i've ever eaten.
Food:  5/5 service:  5/5 cleanliness:  5/5
Really cool vibe and excellent food.
Food is always good.
Delicious middle eastern baked goods.
I always stop by the olive bar on my way to the deli 'cuz i love green olives.
The roasted chicken pasta was delicious, the chicken was so flavorful and the sauce was creamy, yet light.
Keep up the great food andreoli's :-)
There are food items here i haven't seen outside of aj's, and for a much more reasonable price!
It's fun to marvel at all the different cakes, cookies, cannolis, breads and other delights.
Stopped in today to try the bastilla and it was delicious.
Got a large selection of filipino foods.
Before the store opened, my only option was health food stores, and there was never a good selection.
The deli is exceptional.
Order whatever you'd like from the deli, and they'll give you a ticket.
Popped in to grab a few things from the deli counter on my way home (they have delicious chicken tenders!).
If it is something to be eaten then it is delicious.
But all in all i really enjoyed our time spent here and i thought the food was good.
This is definitely my go-to spot for mexican variety foods.
Excellent prices on fruit, veg and fresh meat.
They deliver pretty quickly too since its right there.
Generous portions and good mixture of vegetables, i.e.
A very proud italian owner who insists on delivering the best quality and flavor in everything he does.
All of which is delicious!
If you're looking for authentic italian food and not olive garden or portillo's chain food, this is the place!
Hands-down the best indian pakistani afghan he food in the region.
Afghani kabob is also delicious.
Saves us trips to the more expensive places and makes vegan food accessible to the average grocery shopper.
A good selection of food (a bit more upscale/quality than meijer and wal-mart), good liquor section, and solid produce.
I could see it at a real sit-down place, but this is more deli than anything else.
The yogurt drink was very delicious - it tasted like the masala buttermilk that you get in india.
The food was tasteful and the service was excellent.
Seriously good food at this hole in the wall.
The food is really good.
Most food poisoning's come from improper hand washing.
Otherwise have always had good service here with great food.
Island foods is the only 'grocery' store in all of eau claire market.
They carry foods from all over the globe.
We had the best southern breakfast food.
It's not your typical food chain mediterranean/greek flavors.
If you're looking for unique indian foods and sweets, the little market here is a good option.
The owners are very friendly, and the selection of sweets at the counter looks delicious.
I should not walk in a grocery and only smell air condition when i am in the fruit section.
I love the fresh seafood as well.
I also love the deli counter and bakery.
So i try to just stick to the meat, deli, and bakery counters here.
There's no need to wait in that monster line in the middle of the store to place a food order.
You can place a food order at *any* cash register.
Head on over to the coffee area and place your food order.)
Food i'm already a notoriously long writer.
So i'm just cherry picking two favorite food items.
The smoked salmon salad was so delightful my dining companion can't wait to order it his next visit.
A box of their artistic works not only look delightful, they taste delicious.
Can't beat the street food.
But they do offer a variety of seafood that reminds me of home (i.e.
My favorite place to go for fresh, healthier, food options.
Everyone is always friendly and willing to accommodate food needs and can't-haves.
And...the market carries quite a selection of healthy food and drink items, for locals and tourists staying downtown.
I highly doubt they built such a beautiful area because they don't want people to frequent the food court area.
Their natural and organic food and product section is very good!
I will not find any food anywhere in the world island pacific can make me so inspired.
Sliding door and more room in the back for bulk and frozen foods.
It's the alternative to traveling across the city to another seafood market.
It has a bakery with hot bread and in many ways surpasses seafood city.
All went well, food was prepared hot and to my liking, and the price is easy on the credit card.
Grapefruit juice is also wonderful..
A chinese supermarket with cheap food options?
They have a pretty good selection for food but when we tried it it is nothing spectacular.
Little divisoria is the ideal shop to pick up those essential, filipino food and ingredients.
This store not only has fresh seafood but a variety of meats available!
Everything in the case looked delish especially the cannoli!
Food was great last night.
The pesto filet pie was delicious.
Deli and seafood both look fresh and are quite affordable.
Make sure you have time, though, because the to-go food counter moves extremely slow.
There are even comfy tables to eat your food.
( for $8 delivery charge!!!!!!)
Such a delicious place.
The food keeps improving at seafood city.
First, the food is the 100% the best middle eastern food i've ever had.
She cooks the food, serves and sells very beautiful arabic clothing.
The food was amazing, service was on point, and i bought a dress from there.
Looking for some food with a cousin before an event, we came in to this location of this supermarket chain.
They also offer other hot foods by the pound as well.
It's got several items, including snacks, fresh fruit, various drinks, sandwiches, yogurt, etc.
Again, this is not a great price, but it's a better snack that some fast food or chips.
Fresh market is a clean area with plenty of non-fried and non-fast food options for snacks.
There are numerous places to order your food and grab a seat inside or out and enjoy!
The only thing is some of there food is over priced.
I buy half my food here and then i go to 168 market for the cheaper items.
This whole foods location is my go-to pit stop when i'm travelling between niagara and the gta.
It's easy enough to find from the highway and offers a great salad and hot food bar.
I'm mexican american, from east la and i love cooking/ eating my favorite comfort foods!
The food they prepare and serve there is tasty too.
It's a foodie's wet dream.
I love getting terrific food, much of it organic and same or cheaper price than the supermarket.
I love the nicer food brands and organic choices i find here.
It's nice to stop on after work and grab something delicious and easy to make at home.
Colozza's bakery is a good place to buy delicious and very reasonably priced baked goodies.
They have all kinds of beautiful pastries including traditional kolatchke (little fruit, nut or cheese filled pastries).
Really, if you want some really delicious quality treats, i recommend giving this place a try.
For sure the food is good, but really the environment is why one should go here!
As far as the food goes, it's hard to go wrong, every place seemed to have extremely awesome food.
Take out foods are fresh and hot.
Today i ran into whole foods because i was on that side of the road, and i totally regret it!
The chefs are amazing and the food is out of this world!
The service and food were both amazing.
The chips were crispy and delicious.
The olive bar and has a huge selection of different olives and mediterranean style foods.
I love the smoked salmon salad, old timers, and fruit bran muffins.
They have wonderful soups, deli and i even love the flowers there.
This is my favourite uptown organic/natural food store!
The food is delicious, the options are outstanding and the prices are very reasonable.
Thuan phat is a vietnamese supermarket with fantastic produce and a huge fish/seafood section.
The live seafood, as well as the large variety of fresh fish, is a wonder to behold.
Thuan phat also has a deli of vibrant smells & hanging ducks.
If you don't want anything in deli, try the frozen foods.
We stopped in shortly after it opened with friends and enjoyed some drinks and some food.
It has more than just groceries though - also a grilled food restaurant and bakery nommz within!
Tons of veggie variety and island fruits.
If you didn't know what jackfruit was, they have a live attraction of this in their fruit section.
To handle the fruit... beware!
Meats of choice, including seafood are all available here.
In fact, the last time the guy walked out my fit foods purchase to my car.
I have my favorite foods like brian's enchiladas, which at the small portion size is perfect for me.
These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when i shared that with them.
I hope myfitfoods opens more stores.. my heart adores!
This place is starting to become to well know for the mexican food they have off to the side.
Don't forget to pick up a fresh fruit popsicle!
Today, i needed to buy a couple household items and just a little bit of food.
Whether your looking for household items or food, this is an ideal place to go.
Bayview location : lots of parking spaces , great healthy foods selections, well setting , nice people , just perfect!
They have a good deli counter with a super creamy mac n cheese.
The meat department has the best cuts of meat, the deli is connected to the hot ready to go food.
All in all, lgo has a great portland/san fran vibe to it and food/wine/dessert/merchandise to boot!
Great place to relax, grab some food and get a drink.
Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic filipino and other asia.
Whenever i am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish i will definitely be going back to this store.
Great selection of items, $13 for a dinner plate (fish and a few types of vegetables, so not unreasonable).
This place is delish!!
Need to try the food next time....
The food choices are a blast.
They have such a big selection and everything taste so delicious!
The cold brew coffee is delicious as well.
Parking is a bit of a nightmare sometimes but the food is worth it.
- the food is of outstanding quality.
The fruit section is well maintained and always fresh.
This place is great and has some great prices on fruits!
Delivery is usually super quick, although once i waited over 2 hours and i live super close to there.
What's up with review of the common ground co-op comparing it (negatively) to whole foods markets???
I mean come on: whole foods is a gigantic chain of corporate grocery stores.
This co-op is a terrific, small-town shop that offers good food in a nice setting.
I shop the co-op for massive bricks of fresh tofu, bulk foods, and assorted other tasty vegan treats.
The food the service the tea!
Similar to trader joe's or whole foods, but a lot more "gourmet" and even more helpful sales staff.
Good selection and fresh foods.
Alla y'all gotta try this place - most authentic mexican food in the valley.
The fruit and veg section was huge, and well planned out.
Boyfriend loved the unlimited cheese & deli samples all over the counter.
The food looked pretty good, too!
The food at the foodcourt are good too.
As for the store, cute stuff, nice food items and an excellent wine selection.
Food 5 star ambiance 5 star staff 5+ star
The patatas bravas and the albodinga meatballs from adobo dragon which were both delicious and had neat flavor combinations.
I was honestly suprised how clean, well organized and fresh their food is.
Ambiance isn't much to be admired but the food is delicious.
When we first got there, we headed to the food court for something to eat.
The food court is similar to t&t except that it has not just chinese food, but other cuisine as well.
They had indian food, a shawarma station, and some north american food as well.
The general tao's chicken was delicious.
They have a huge variety of ethnic foods.
Parking is plentiful, and seating in the food court area is ample.
From the food quality, to the prices, to the level of service...this is possibly my favorite business in gilbert.
We moved here from la almost 1 year ago, used to shop whole foods and now shop here, exclusively.
Not only did i find chocolate, i found a solid grocery store with a vast selection of food items!
If you want a comparison, it's like a whole foods store.
Although, i think whole foods might be a tad better.
I see rows upon rows of delicious, and different, food items.
I'd found myself despairing of food choices here in downtown las vegas.
Great staff, good food, friendly, and oasis in the middle of the desert, quite literally.
Great variety of food choices.
Great selection of organic food.
I love the unique food items trader joe's always has to offer.
If you are looking for good quality food, set your sights on aj's.
The grilled brussel sprouts, the vegetable casserole, the cooked cabbage and the cucumber salad were all delicious.
I expect to pay a premium for organic food.
I stand with foodie food...and this ain't no cracker barrel!
But as with the other location...the food is what really kicks ass!
The apples are delicious!
It's more of a funky gift shop meets a specialty food store.
We went to the back deli area to order our food.
I love food city in surprise!
I like the deli guy super nice!
Delicious smoked green hatch chiles everyday at no extra cost!
They have so much ready made food and pastries.
Food is good, prices are what you'd expect at a chain restaurant but it's different and the service is friendly.
Their food, although simple in theory, is both visually pleasing and delicious.
Although parking is a little tricky to find, it's worth stopping by this joint to try some great food.
Butcher/seafood counter is always stacked with the freshest with helpful and friendly staff.
We bought the carne asada and had them add the marinade, it was delicious.
The produce is always beautifully displayed and delicious.
Their hot food selection kind of suck though.
This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies.
The 50lbs of jasmin rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful.
I once found strawberries 2 boxes for $4, and they were like delicious sugar bombs in my mouth.
The food is of top quality and of the lowest prices around.
The only strike against it was the cleanliness of the shelves and the selection of mainstream foods.
The bakery and deli have a wide variety of option and really good food.
I will have to look up the history and origin of these delicious filled donuts.
We've also purchased from the deli and the steaks were the best we've purchased locally.
The four stars is because i generally feel that organic food is overpriced everywhere.
Great food at a great price.
It's a great place for grocery shopping, specially when it comes to packaged food.
Food is delicious and always interesting.
Still delicious food and we leave happy, but they could use some work.
Great store, great people, great food!
Reminded me of roaming food halls in europe.
I will definitely be back for specialty items...probably not back to the deli though.
I usually buy a lot of my groceries from here especially fresh vegetables.
And they have a great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Excellent food and great customer service.
We love the food here, especially the ruben sandwiches.
The "ube fluff" gelato is beyond delicious.
First off, the food is very delicious and i will definitely be dining there again.
It was delicious but expensive/small.
It's a great place to go for good food and not spend too much money!
But we ended up ordering the salted chocolate chip cookie, which was delicious.
Earthy, hipster atmosphere that emphasizes quality and where your food comes from.
My favorite food store!'
Great selection of standard and unusual groceries, wonderfully fresh produce, and has the best salad bar and deli.
The food prices are fantastic, and they have a way better selection than most targets.
Atlas is one of the few iranian restaurants in calgary where you can get a decent taste of persian food.
It's reasonably priced, amazing indian food-- and food in general, and i love that there's so many vegetarian options!
Both of us ordered delicious egg sandwiches on english muffins.
I kinda miss sunflower market but sprouts is very similar to me, a non regular health food grocery store shopper.
And let me just tell you this, their prices beat whole foods by at least a buck ($1.00).
Nice selection of foods and other house supples.
Good food and great service.
They have a variety of trail mixes, nuts, dried fruit, baking goods, granola, and candy.
Absolutely delicious authentic gelato!
Everyone working there was knowledgeable and completely delightful!
Food: i ordered the cure from the brunch menu.
I do like the fact that they have a dog food and treats section
Nice selection of ethnic foods.
Hot food area is delicious.
Additionally, it has lots of meat and large variety of seafood!
Three words: sin free food.
Deli and grocery, plus they cater.
They do sell some meat, but most sandwiches in the deli are great and meatless.
Wonderful, beautiful, delicious, locally-grown organic produce.
It's like a tiny whole foods, only better.
I cannot tolerate a supermarket or food store that is dirty and digusting.
You know we put the food in our mouths.
Food has always been outstanding huge fan of the roasted corn pizza add avocado!
Also their produce is up to bar with whole foods with tons of options fitting everyone's needs.
I had never heard of a winco before, and after walking in i realized it was like a foodmax.
Catch on provides sustainably-sourced, fresh seafood at a reasonable (compared to similar markets) price.
We only buy our seafood from catch on!
I bought a prepared sushi/roll platter and it was delicious!
Don't get me wrong..the food is fantastic.
Second, the prices on various specialty foods i like to buy are way cheaper than other stores.
Third, even though it's a small place there is a full service deli and butcher counter.
Not the greatest decor and no alcohol, but they are the real deal with the mexican food.
However, i wish they carried more indonesian and dutch-indonesian foodstuffs (what?
Nor spice mixes for rawon from indofood?
Fragrant, delicious and filling!
The deli here is fantastic with good prices for sandwiches.
The staff is always helpful when i come here for my seafood items.
Healthy food, great prices, and great employees who are always helpful!
Laid back, fun, marketplace atmosphere with great food.
Seafood area is clean and smell fresh, and hope it will stay the same!
I've only had the burgers, the bison burger is my favorite, but they are always delicious and juicy.
I love the rueben, but not all the food is equal to the price.
There's even a food court area with korean food and a bakery.
The one drawback -- there is definitely a strong odor that comes from the seafood area.
Everyone is friendly, everything always seems to be in stock, and the fruit/veggies are fresh.
The grocery store is large and the produce and seafood are fresh and priced competitively.
Also unlike the brooklyn store, the food is always hot, ready and quickly served.
Great prices on bulk foods!
They sell meats, dry foods, produce and restaurant supplies.
I would recommend a trip if you like to cook or are just a food nerd like me!
You can tell how much passion and heart chef david moses puts into his food!
Tip: very macro-nutrient friendly food!
No over the top foodie frills, just good, fresh ingredients.
Has nice deli and hot food section for an easy dinner pickup.
Always fresh subs, meats, vegetables, like all subway subs i have visited.
Best gluten free food and products anywhere.
When we told them, they were in shock at how delicious everything was.
Yes, this place continues to be a great food store.
They even take orders and deliver groceries!
I've gotten organic food & medicine.
You have to work to get the delicious italian staple foods (or to visit the tiny deli).
The staff are pretty nice, and are happy to answer food related questions.
Their food is very tasty.
Found this on yelp and so delicious.
If you're a local, please support this brilliant cafe, deli, butcher and beermonger.
They sell hot food at lunch hours too.
They're food and atmosphere is incredibly welcoming and anything you get, you'll be sure to love!
Your food is amazing!
I always like the food here.
It's my favorite thing to buy at this eclectic "deli/bakery/cafe".
Prices can be a little steep for groceries but it's excellent for its food and bar area.
And their food and snack options always seem to exceed expectations in terms of flavour.
Got a salad to go for lunch from another spot, equally delicious.
It has a full supply of food.
I perused a few isles and came upon the myriad fresh vegetables.
I looked at the food bowls but wasn't that hungry.
The food stopped in with the kiddos so we only got coffee and a cookie, both were great.
The draw is the food for sure.
Good variety of organic fruits and vegetables and a decent amount of vegan options (soy yogurt, tofurky, etc.
The food and the price is pretty decent here.
The bakery, meats & seafood are the largest sections in this supermarket.
We got a red velvet canada day cake that was so delicious only a quarter of the cake is left.
Not plentiful but there is a good selection given this isn't a natural food store.
This is a great place to buy pastries & some organic foods.
Great food for one and the service has always been excellent in my experience.
And there fresh made deli sandwich to order is priced so low at $3.99 and taste so delish!!!!
The deli and prepared food areas are good, i have had many a fine things from them, never disappointed.
Essentially it's a "food court" with higher end/local fare.
Let me start by saying that curtis orchard sells delicious food.
Superstore is like any other grocery store, it has food and any other essentials you may be looking for.
The delicious cheeses... love it!
Ive eaten here several times and food is consistently good.
Who doesn't want a place where everyone can get all different kinds of food they want?
The caesar was perfect, crispy croutons and a creamy and delicious dressing with awesome cheese.
The dessert, next door, is plentiful and delicious!
The burger joint delish!
But i say whole foods wins.
Another plus at whole foods is their produce selection and prices.
The food is delicious and each tray of food is listed with all the ingredients it contains.
Great prices (including the many 'manager's specials" going on daily) on healthy food.
Big selection of products and their own sprouts brand is more affordable than the whole foods brand.
I recommend all whole foods fans to try this place out and start saving a few bucks.
Authentic italian food with great recommendations from owners walter and marty.
Compared to seafood city, island pacific is smaller and could use more open space.
She personally constructed all my bouquets and centerpieces and delivered them to my venue for me.
Normally, safeway does not deliver.
They have a cafe that has expanded in the last few years with a great food menu.
Cute "gift shop," superb food, awesome location, great aesthetic and amazing cookies.
Whole foods on a budget!
Their vegetables, fruits and meats are top notch.
There is a restaurant in the back, they were busy but i didn't try the food.
Summary:  a great bagel place and cafe with a wide variety of quality food.
I would definitely go back, great food and variety of options.
Smiths has a great selection and a quality meat and seafood department and also a great produce section.
Delicious, flavorful, moist, multidimensional gluten free products.
Today i ordered their cinnamon roll - it's more delicious than how i remember a gluten cinnabon.
I was very impressed by their small selection of fruits.
I found these pluots and other hybrid fruits, which were quite ripe and delicious.
They juice the fruits/veggies in front of you, then bottle it and seal it to take home.
There is a good selection of pretty much everything with the highlights being the fresh food counters.
Lots of cheese, fresh sushi, deli counter, self serve salads and hot foods....
Bit like whole foods but not quite as expensive!
Good fresh fruit and veg also.
They also sell a bunch of other specialty items and have a deli and butcher counter.
But it was cool, i wasn't expecting a food court in there!
It's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.
Today was my first day at winco foods.
Some people compare it to walmart, or food 4 less.
He always asks about food allergies before he makes my food.
There is a huge selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, meat section.
They have a seafood section with live catfish, tilapia, lobster, crab and other shellfish.
I like their food courts here and i go to eat there mainly for their roast duck.
For a small market laurier has an impressive selection of fresh fruit and veggies, prepared foods and grocery staples.
Wow, there's an upstairs now where you can order food??
Anyways, always great selection of fruit, vegetables, cheese, and nuts.
The food was outstanding, portioned, and super convenient!
We enjoyed great conversation and great food!
Round of applause for making every single one of your salads taste delish!
Good food is all about the quality and the service and both are excellent at sue's.
Order some deli delights to take home.
Nice staff, unique food options and a relaxing patio area.
It's consistently great food :) you've gotta eat here!
It's a great way to learn new foods, meet people and explore the market.
Considering the price of gf ingredients at grocery and health food stores, i understand the prices here.
Arz has just about everything you would expect in a middle eastern food store, plus much much more.
It's also the go-to destination for anything who struggles with food intolerances.
)past springfield and wright, seen a sign for something called the common ground food co-op, and been confused?
However, i would check the expiration dates on some items, especially meats and fruits.
Have lots of prepared food at this place with sweets counter.
Yummy food and delicious coffee.
Big open space and lots of comfy seating   perfect place for a meeting , breakfast was delicious.
It was not busy and had great food stations to chose from.
Food: i have tried the asian place in the back and some of the baked goods at tea and toast.
They carry some fresh seafood in case you're up to some homecooking planning.
The service and food are superb!
Best bulk food section, best produce section and hands down the friendliest staff you'll ever find in a grocery store!
The prices are not bad at all considering the fact that you are buying all natural and organic food.
Lili the owner prepares phillipine dishes that are delicious !
Fruits , vegetables, a full butcher selection .
Check out my daybreaker egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms in the pic :) delicious!
The bakery, deli and produce sections are huge and have an awesome selection.
As i like to take note of, they had different selection in their ready to eat food section.
These stores are paradise for a foodie (ohio city pasta?
Love it closest ting to mums food..  good home cooked food..
The people are good the food has just as much personality as the chef so you know its amazing
The frozen food and dry goods also covers that area well.
Good selection of prepared foods with the exception of the sushi.
Excellent fresh imported foods from italy as well as a handful of mediterranean favorites.
Their excellent selection of cold cuts and cheeses makes this an excellent stop for a neighborhood deli.
With mostly family working in this deli, you'll feel like you're right at home while you shop.
Oh, to have an unlimited food budget and endless blocks of time to cook...
The deli is stunning - great for anyone that's looking for pre-made dishes.
I love their sandwiches at the deli and we eat them often.
You have no need for the best puerto rican food that is not in nyc or chicago.
They don't have food like taquitos, alcapurrias, chicharron, and buñuelo made fresh everyday from scratch.
Bakery items, candy aisle, baking delights.
Food and service has always been great when visiting.
Great place to grab some fresh fruit and vegetables.
Love the bulk foods area and the coffee!
It was our first time here and i thought it was really neat to check out all the different foods!
You will find me here most weeekdays with my laptop enjoying the free wifi and some yummy food.
Deli-awesome, they know what i will be buying and how i like it wrapped.
The food is amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Several cooks and a small army of helpers cooking, cleaning, and serving the delicious dishes.
I like that they expose the kitchen where patrons can see their food being prepared.
The menu offers vegetarian, vegan and gluten free food.
Oh, food is great, as usual!
The people are so friendly and the food is amazing!
Authentic italian food, but what do you expect, the owner is from italy.
I have to comment on the service of the deli here.
The produce area is sparkling and the refrigerated fruit bins are wood accented.
Food prices are equal to walmart.
The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...great selection foryour pleasure!!!
Not only is the food fantastic and consistent, it has a great atmosphere and an adorable "grocery" shop next door.
I ordered their tuna sandwich this past weekend, which came with a side of fruit and pickles.
It was sunday and i was craving some good indian food.
Despite what he said, i wanted some indian food then and i took a risk and went.
Everything we tried was delicious.
Freshest fruits and vegetables in town.
Great deli and bulk dry foods.
And my incredible sandwich came with a side fruit cup...best strawberries ever!
Why can't we get this good of fruit in chicago?
The eggs benedict and fried vegan chicken dishes were so delicious!
Gelato is handmade and most of their food is imported from italy.
Except the owner is from northern italy and the food is different, still good.
A clean, bright store with the best organic food prices you will find anywhere in the c-u area.
They have a full-service deli and butcher counter with amazing meats and cheeses.
If you don't mind the continual crowds, the food they serve is predictably excellent.
A whole grocery store of the finest foods and household items money can by.
It also has an excellent deli, prepared meals, a sushi bar, cakes and candies...  good stuff.
A custom section for environmentally sustainable seafood and a decent produce section.
Best ethiopian food i have ever had.
Need food to go with your drink?
The jersey omelette is delish.
Shelves are always fully stocked, the food and produce seems to be freshest, and their staff are unbelievably professional.
Definitely ah huge upgrade from food for less.
As far as whole food is concerned.... psychology they would call this, the approach avoidance conflict.
There are so many good things about this whole foods, yet the  bad are starting to gain in number.
Whole food in madison, are you listening to your customers????
I soon felt like i was at whole foods' cousin's house.
There was a decent selection vegan brands like gardein and so delicious, etc.
If you want to try new/exotic fruit this is the place for you.
I bought jack fruit for less $$ compared to other asian markets in town.
Great food and awesome beer / wine selection.
You can get organic, hormone free, gluten free, cage free, etc foods at these locations.
4) i've noticed the flooring in the vegetables area has changed.
(i guess i'm that observant) 5) they've moved the hand washing station from the meat section, to the seafood section.
This is the same thing minus delivery to your home and it's free.
Had plenty of my favorite foods (filipino, korean, etc.)
The food is very good, but a bit pricey.
Oyster shooters, poke bowl, seafood galoreeee.
Delicious vegan sammiches and desserts.
I'm not knocking it because everything from gelatology is delicious.
Massaged kale topped with beets, quinoa, avo, carrots and garbanzo beans, this salad is filling and delicious.
Delicious home made almond milk for our almond milk lattes.
The service has gotten much better and the food is amazing.
They have some of the best food in belmont and are a place no one should miss.
The beer selection is unmatched, food quality is the best in the area, and now the service finally matches !
The food took awhile to come out but our food was discounted because of it, which we appreciated.
That was fantastically delicious.
Their salads are often creative and delicious with fresh local ingredients.
The star of their pizza, to me, is the delicious crust!
The food was excellent and tasted home made.
After a lull in service and food quality, i think lgo is back on target!
I've only tried it once, but it was delicious and reasonably priced!
Tiny, cute space, and delicious food.
I would most defintly reccomend this store if ur purchasing fruits and vegtables
Food and produce are on the pricey side.
Their assortment of imported foods, such as pasta, olives, meats, and cheeses is second to no grocery anywhere.
Friendly, helpful staff; decent food, and free wifi!
It's like an upscale food court with various vendors offering different selections.
The restaurant isn't big, the staff is amazing and fun and the food, so good!
We ate our food so fast we forgot to take pics!
The variety of organic/fair trade food is unlike any other place in madison.
Great prices too for quality of food
Their baked goods are delicious!
Another great product from trader joe's is their canned cat food.
Our two applehead siamese cats love this cat food....and at under 60 cents a can....we love it too!
Lol their cat food is also made with quality ingredients.
Trader joes + whole foods + giant eagle + food court = market district express.
I was pretty surprised how much of this place is dedicated to prepared foods.
But time will tell if the quality of the prepared foods make this place a go-to spot.
Nice selection of oriental groceries, fresh seafood and even some middle eastern groceries.
Review is mainly for the hot food sold at the counter in the back.
A superb and clean selection of international foods.
I love that you can shop a little bit while you're waiting in line or waiting for your food.
I don't know if it's the food or the people that i love the most.
I love their food, its always fresh.
If you're looking for basic fruits and veggies, this place is great.
Delightful staff and owner.
I work out at the gym in the complex and shop at trader joe's for fruits and veggies..
The food is really good!
You will place an order and then wait for your food at the counter.
Great place to buy organic food at affordable price!
They have a huge selection of food and brands.
Weekly specials make some of the organic food even a better deal!
Frozen food isles were perfect they were faced full and easy to shop.
Mia's french pancakes are delicious and i also really like the granola and yogurt.
Good food reasonable price and delicious.
Courage makes delicious homemade stews and the menu changes  regularly.
Lots of other great things too: spicy guacamole, dips and sauces, delicious breads.
The food here is organic and very healthy for you!
They have a great little cafe where you can order many of their foods, including salads and soups!
The food is fresh, some ingredients are organic.
Most importantly, the food portions are appropriate- not super sized so that you go into a food coma.
Freshly baked bread, deli counter, friendly employees and even hot soup that you can eat in the store!
My favorite place to shop for food and snacks to take back to hawaii!
My filipino friend introduced me to this place and filipino food.
They're freshly made and the ingredients are so fresh and delicious.
At first i was a little skeptical since they said the food was "super cheap, and was pretty good".
The food here is sooo cheap (cheaper than walmart) and sooo fresh!
This is my go to market for my fresh asian ingredients and live seafood.
Fruits & veggies are a hit or miss.
Cheaper than the other asian markets in vegas n fresher looking too  seafood price and freshness are great.
Love it when they have their random seafood sale on dungeness crabs.
The cat food is absolutely incredible!
I have three cats, one with allergies and very hard to find dry food with no chicken.
All 3 cats love this food, both dry and moist.
We go mainly for their freshly-prepared food, particularly the pollo asado on the weekends.
Everything we've tried here has been very delicious.
Big selection of middle eastern foods.
Beautiful displayed seafood & meat department makes it an easy choice to pick up something pleasing & prepared .
The food was awesome and still tasted amazing after being reheated in the microwave.
And decided to get some food from the food court, and damn that line tho!
My biggest draw is the selection of fresh asian produce, and seafood.
They have a better fish/seafood selection than other shops in town.
Healthy and unique foods is what they are great for.
Take a stop by and check it out, you'll be surprised by the small size and huge selection of foods.
Loved the food here such great tasting selections.
So nice to have healthy food that tastes amazing.
Great service, great food.
The grocery store offers a  variety of latin food.
They also have a refreshment area that sells an assortment of fruit drinks.
It's a store and deli.
The mandarin oranges are great, the grapes sweet and refreshing, and they carry pomelo fruit.
The food is great.
They have a full grocery section with bakery and deli along with everything else you expect from a target.
Food is always amazing and i made my goal in 4 weeks of 10 pounds.
I headed back towards the deli counter and ordered myself a ham and cheese sandwich with arugula and dijon mustard.
The applesauce itself is delicious.
Like cookie monster's cookies, this is now *sometimes* food.
The store (4 stars): from spices to meats and everything in between, bite's serving up some impressive food.
Not just because the food is amazing, but because i *feel* amazing.
It was like eating food court chinese food.
Lotsa of food, little nutrition.
Enough of that tangent, even though bite's got imported food, they've got a great selection of local eats as well.
Found this little gem after we had some thai food.
Boy was it delicious!
Everything was delicious and we though we were somewhere in  marakesh or rabat.
They also have a pretty good delicatessen and selection of italian food.
I made delicious barbecue pulled "pork" with the jackfruit.
They have good deals weekly and the filipino restaurant there is delicious!
Its a huge store with lots of different smells and food all around you.
The salad was a delightful mix of greens, olive oil, pita chips, tomatoes, and even some cucumber mixed in.
Just a smooth fruity drink to wake up my palette.
Great food, great owner, great find.
Ever since this store changed from a food 4 less to a smith's, i have been here almost every day.
These tortillas are tastier than food city's in house brand.
They also serve fantastic food inside.
Like cub foods of chicago/denver and other places.
Felt like home to me: cub foods.
The food: very good, if not particularly french.
Pizza, gelato, tasty deli fixin's, wine, gift baskets...
I ordered the stacked turkey on nine grain and it came with a little side of fresh fruit.
Regardless, i'd kill to have a deli like this in chicago.
The reuben was really delicious.
Very solid establishment with a variety of delicious coffee, drinks, sweats and eats!
They even have dedicated grocery aisles for buying "actual food".
Plantain chips, cassava, vegetable chips such as okra or beet etc, and nuts of all sorts available here.
2/$6 deli wraps, prewashed kale $2, kombuchas, an amazing olive bar.
Great atmosphere, food, beer selection, and service!
The food was wonderful.
It definitely wasn't an authentic cuban, but was delicious nonetheless.
Whole foods shoppers might want to check their attitudes at the door.
Marche, saks food hall, etc).
Vegetables are hit or miss in terms of price - can be very cheap depending on what's on sale.
Kudos to the deli department.
Check the dollar store next door first for your fruits and veggies.
The prepared foods/deli section can save me from cooking for days.
We have been getting meals from my fit foods for over a year and have never been disappointed .
The food is prepared fresh daily and is delicious.
Great little place in oakhurst, so glad to have a neighborhood spot with great food and drinks.
Regardless - the food is fresh and i always enjoy the beer options.
This is the best place in nc to get ethiopian food.
Produce is fresh and they have fruits and veggies that you can't find anywhere else.
Foods are fresh and staffs are kind and helpful.
I'm not a big believer of the organic food culture.
However, what i do love about whole foods is all the different stuff they have and the pre-made section.
Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about.
A whole foods is a whole foods.
The daily seafood special was  local flounder with roasted red potatoes and cranberry bacon brussels sprouts.
The ready made food looks so yummy, everything from proteins, to salads, to cakes and sweets.
I think they must get free food.
Great atmosphere, great food, great servers, all around is one of my favorite restaurants here.
So much selection and diversity of food!
I can be a foodwimp at times, i admit this.
The produce is gorgeous and very delish.
The seafood section was omg huge!
My go-to place for asian exotic foods now!
The fruits and vegetables i've bought at sprouts have always been fresh and affordable.
Food aside, let's talk the customer service.
The food is exceptionally delicious and flavorful.
And considering how expensive food is in montreal, it's not bad.
This is the best asian food store in town.
Sometimes you have to really sift through the fruit to find non-spoiled or thisclose to being rotten.
Just avoid going to get seafood on sundays.
Vegetables, only if i have to.
Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries.
You can get boxes with all veggies, all fruit, or a mix of both.
Clean, well lit, flowers, odd fruits, cooking classes.
I fell in love forget food for less and walmart!!
I tried the matcha superfoods blended, containing housemade unsweetened almond milk, banana, avocado, dates, matcha green tea powder ($8).
Meats and veggies , eggs, drinks, and fruits i buy from here.
I don't buy any of their seafood from here.
I wonder how things will go when whole foods makes it near south & caldwell.
The mcdonald's up the road can deal with turnover while still delivering excellent reliability, so why can't they?
Restaurant food quality and service 2*, everything else 4-5.
This is an italian deli and specialty store.
First, please try a sandwich from their deli.
Store review: i am a fan of ruler foods!
Yummy oysters and seafood creations.
Can't say it was that great of food but it wasn't bad and for that price, straight up awesome.
Fresh grapes, fruit, sammiches, and so much more!
Food was good, a little too much salt, but we needed it after being in the heat.
That is, it also carries food -- and i don't mean snacks and a few essentials.
The price of super target food is kind of.... high.
They have a great selection of organic fruits and veggies and smoothies too.
Deli: i've never bought anything from the deli other than the already made foods.
When ever i wanted a quick lunch and i was okay with the fried food.
If you're looking for any type of meat or seafood they likely have it (within reason.)
The sourhern rueben is delicious as is their pork belly sliders (can't remember the actual menu name.)
Nay: $5.99 hot food express special - "elegant single combo meal".
Food in general is well-priced here.
All the food tastes great as well as the coffee and fresh juices.
They have a shop in the front where you can browse through food, wine, cloths, and gifts.
Cheapest place to get cheese, produce and seafood in the area.
I come here for the affordable produce, fruits and veggies i can't find at my neighborhood market.
I like it because it's a once stop shop for most of my filipino food needs.
Don't let that stop you from treating yourself to some grade a mexican food.
Every restaurant we ordered from had excellent food; ingredients were fresh, tasty, and unique takes on some classics.
For a quick lunch it was delicious and affordable.
They have everything from fresh fruit to lounge chairs.
Try the chicken salad in the deli, it is the best.
Mainly food, but some kitchen stuff and dvds.
The bagged freezed dried fruits are also a big time score and my granddaughter definitely has most of the collection.
Even picked up some jackfruit on my last visit.
Try any of the house brand stuff - most of which is delicious and cheap.
The one in riverside has a food court that has good pizza.
The fruit and veggies have always been fresh.
Unique and incredibly delicious.
They have the small kitchen pumping out deliciosity and never a long wait, even while getting very busy.
Excellent café et beaucoup de fruit et légumes frais
I made that mistake once and bounced my bank account, but the food was tasty!
Overall, wonderful food and friendly staff.
They were constructing a place for prepared foods at the time of my visit.
The food is better.
La grande orange is honestly a hidden jewel in the phoenix suburban food wasteland.
Amazing food, amazing wine selection, amazing beer selection.
I thought the food was all very odd when i was little, but now i see the beauty.
If you like  whole foods or sprouts than you should check out trader joe's.
The staff are friendly and the food always hits the spot.
Anyway, this is proper mexican street food.
They seem to specialize in filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.
Plus mostly fresh seafood (i mean, this is vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).
Fast service for such quality food.
They learn about how fruits grow.
I absolutely love the deli and bakery; the items are of high quality.
A great meat/butcher, seafood, and produce selection to almost every asia pacific canned, frozen, jarred, packaged and condiment need.
Fresh vegetables, meat, fish and bread!
Tons of yummy delights at this location.
I didn't find the staff too friendly but def enjoyed my food.
The food is great.
Carley was incredible and made my food perfectly.
Why can't all deli's be this good?
The best part is the selection of fruit and veg!
They even have a deli area that serves ho tand ready to go meals.
I love pacific fresh food market!!!!!
Being gluten free hasn't always been easy because i miss all my favorite food.
But i was surfing on the web for some gluten free food and i came across this place.
I absolutely love their selection of food, from fresh to frozen and dry grocery.
I've had the veggie bird nests and the blue cheese roasted pecan dip before and they are absolutely delicious!
The food i had was great, i stuck with a salad, nothing too special but delicious none the less.
Conveniently located and they carry good fruit and veggies!
The service was exemplary and the food was outstanding.
Entrees were delicious and the deserts topped off a wonderful meal.
Once i got over just how crowded this place gets i had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection!
If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from.
Reminded me in many ways of a whole foods with its extensive bakery section and prepared foods.
Great selection of healthy food options and produce is always fresh!
I go here for soy milk, coffee (best is the classic joe's medium roast), fruits/veggies, coconut water, etc.
I love the bright airy feel, white walls, interesting decor and fun food-piles here and there.
The various of fruits and veggies super excites me.
Large portions and great food for a great price!
Always seems crowded and overpriced, but great food and a favorite of the locals.
Bulk foods is next, candy, pasta, etc.
Refrigerated foods is next (sausage, meats, cheese, eggs, etc.
), with frozen food against the wall.
Following the frozen food, is the bakery (good stuff here!
I am a 12 year community member of scottsdale and have found a great, honest deli style sandwich.
Large selection of different things whether from the deli or choosing beer or wine.
The other food aisles were well stocked and easy to shop.
Very gracious hosts and excellent food!
As other locations trader joes has a good selection of organic food items for really good prices.
Wine selection is great, soups are always hot and fresh, meat and seafood department is fresh as well.
Unless you want to drop $400 at whole foods, this is the next best thing.
Its not as pricey as whole foods, but has the same great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.
It only looses a star for the selection of ready to eat foods...wish there were more meatless choices
They have a wide array of specialty and international food, fresh herbs and spices, fresh seafood, and even cookware!
They also do a nice job of organizing foods regionally.
If you're a "foodie" you won't be disappointed.
Since their expansion, they now offer so much more like salad bars and demo food classes.
It is the most delicious cake i have ever tasted.
Great prices, wonderful selection on fruits and veggies.
You could find just about anything you could ever need there and they offer a meat and cheese deli.
They also offer produce, meats, frozen foods, household items, pet food, pop and much more.
Island pacific seafood market is where i do most of my asian grocery shopping mostly because of convenience.
They have a good selection of seafood and meats.
Not the largest selection of fruits and vegetables.
They serve all kinds of cooked food.
The foods actually not that bad.
Omg so creamy and delicious.
It is my favorite korean food in charlotte, and we like our hotpots!
The owner is delightful, her food is spectacular, and i encourage everyone to seek out and enjoy this awesome place!
I'm giving this whole foods location five stars for a few reasons.
Thwy always have plenty of fruits and veggies.
Their pizzas are massive and delicious.
Made fresh daily and is delicious.
Great hot food counter.
Everything is delicious from their mac and cheese to their chicken.
Best organic foods at the best prices!
Oh and try the chicken salad in the deli department and the cheddar blue cheese in the cheese section.
But it's one of the best seafood markets in las vegas.
There are filipino fast food restaurants such as, jollibee and chowking.
I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with msg and grease.
So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
I didn't get much but it was delicious.
I also got a side of their potatoes (w/o sour cream) and a side of fruit (w/o creme fraishe).
I also picked up some seafood things as well.
It has a farmhouse feel and country vibe with average prices for food.
Then we ventured to the other side of the store, and there was food everywhere!
It was like a grocery store of ready-made food!
Their food and produce are excellent, the employees are super friendly!
Plus the eclectic atmosphere of public market completes the experience of eating this deliciousness.
You can find so many things here that are good quality, especially their fruits.
I'm mainly here to review the food.
The food court alone is a homesick pinoy's dream.
Fresh organic fruit for your day at the pool- everything you can think of!
No complaints except that i wish they had more gluten free options or just a section of gluten free food.
Tons of yummy prepared hot food.
I am a big fan of seafood so i took an adventure across town to check it out.
They have a great selection of produce and fresh seafood.
Time to plan a seafood feast!
As for the hot foods for takeout at grill city, i ordered two skewers of pork bbq.
Overall i enjoyed my experience at seafood city and the nostalgia it brought.
This is my go-to place whenever i feel like making thai food for dinner.
Meat, bakery, seafood, fresh produce, groceries and frozen.
Their food is good and they are very polite.
Three: every single thing i've had here has been delicious.
We love mexican food!
It does not take long for the food to be made and the value was great.
Been shopping here since it was cub foods back in the 90s in the pacific nw.
The store made pizza is delicious, also so many choices, not just pepperoni and cheese.
I bought scallops and salmon here, and their seafood selections are really pretty impressive.
Their greek salad is especially delightful.
I love their french pancakes they ate sweetened with honey and strawberries and topped with creme fraiche delicious!!!!!!
Such a cool selection of healthy and tasty foods and drinks!
I got a delicious, fresh, recommended 'david special the bizness' salad that was so colorful and equally tasty.
They are starting to make a lot of prepared dinner items located at the deli area.
I have tried flat bread pizza, stuffed peppers, fried chicken, meatloaf,  mashed potatoes, stuffed cabbage, vegetables etc.
Sprouts is a crazy, crazy land of fresh, delicious meat and produce.
And if you're buying fresh foods, it tends to be ridiculously inexpensive--even compared to the huge conglomerate supermarkets.
Pleasantly surprised at the great service and food.
The staff was very accommodating to my food prep issues.
Cheap snacks, cheap food, cheap frozen items.
Lgo has awesome food, quick service, and a great location.
Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in seafood city!
This place has a good selection of items and some hot food in the back.
The food is good, but the menu is small.
I was in food accessory heaven, friends.
They have amazing food and drinks.
Flow @binieats on insta for more food adventures
Both delicious and surprisingly light despite the good size portions.
Whole foods cranberry and walnut with a nice top crust with suger.
I do my shopping here atleast once a week for my vegetetables and seafood.
You could find things from durian, jackfruit, dragon fruit, lychee, bok choi, and tarot.
The produce is always fresh...every fruit and vegetables you can image....
The food was good, as well!
Awesome place if you like variety  different cuisine, its like an upsacle food court with an awesome common area.
Shopping at loblaws also means you can buy presidents choice - their delicious and well priced generic brand.
The food is wonderful.
Also in the vegetable area there's always good stuff on sale on the $.99 rack.
Get good foods at low prices.
Pros: some of the best fruit and vegetable around.
Imagine doing your food shopping at wal-mart.
Absolutely wonderful food in this little grill tucked inside this fabulous international grocery store.
The husband wife combo of cook, hosts etc was a delight... all fresh ingredients.
It's so hard to find beef patties and this restaurant really delivered.
Thank you for the yummy food!
I find myself shopping for most of my food at sprouts.
A lot of their fruits and veggies are organic and taste great.
Also i love their deli and meat section.
If i'm in  a rush and need food now then i wouldn't hesitate to order one from there.
I just wish they had a little sitting area near the deli like other older sprouts.
Lots of oriental foods to choose from.
They have fresh vegetables and hot food too.
The best wings in town...baked not deep fried...pizza is good...sandwich with chiebatta bread with smoked salmon, delicious...recommend this place
Very good place to buy fruits and vegetables.
Since it's smaller, it doesn't have a great meat/seafood selection.
But, i do not know why anyone would want to buy food and sit in the gas station to eat.
Most of the food i've gotten here has been great, especially the baked goods at tea and toast!
Their hot food counter looks interesting, and i will add to my post once i have tried it.
If you are understanding of the culture you know that time is unimportant, the food is why your there.
Their specials & brunch are always delicious, too!
I've enjoyed aguas frescas and fruit salad here and they also offer fresh blended juices.
The mixed fruit bionicos with apples, melon, kiwi, and strawberry (no banana!)
My only concern is a freezer that seems to be malfunctioning because all the goya tropical fruit purees had melted.
What other place in vegas makes me feel like i'm back home like seafood city does?
Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory?
I love browsing through the store while my food is being prepped (which doesn't take long at all).
Lots of fruit options as well.
I haven't seen many yet, but i would say just pick your fruit carefully.
Its incredibly convenient if  you have a hectic lifestyle with very little time to prepare food!
The food is authentic and made with only the very best, freshest ingredients.
I love my fit foods!!
They're a bit limited on toiletry items but as for the food they had everything that the other stores carry.
The seafood is the freshest in charlotte.
They carry vegetables that most stores don't have.
We came there rather late on a thursday nite and the food vendors were closing soon.
Even though they're we're open late  til 12am, get here earlier as the food vendors were closing around 10pm.
The store is crowded and always busy but the food is worth the drive and hassle.
If you're a foodie, like me, you'll be in absolute paradise and complete sensory overload.
Everything i've ordered has been top notch and delicious.
It's similar to seafood city.
The produce prices tend to be better than 99 ranch and the selection on vegetables is great.
Fruit is well priced but a small variety-jack fruit, spiny fruit, oranges, dragon fruit, etc.
Seafood is very well prices, esp.
Cookies for the kids and even samples at the deli!
I mean i want to say to those women my god its just fruits and vegetables!
I am excited for their pluots and stone fruit!
They have some pretty healthy food options as well as teas & juices.
Also love their brown rice it's super nutty and delicious!!!
They have a good selection of organic and natural food at reasonable prices.
My husband is partial to the non-organic fruit frenzy bars, and velvet moon cabernet.
Michele takes my order every week for delivery, she is so much fun to talk to.
She makes sure they have the foods i like and picks out great new foods for me.
We enjoyed a nice brunch and were able to find a large table inside to enjoy our food n drinks.
Lots of great goodies being given away, yummy cupcakes and a beautiful fruit bowl and bottled water were plentiful.
The food was delicious.
Seafood city is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical asian/filipino dishes.
Adding to they're variety of asian/filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other neighborhood walmart would.
On top of that the bear claw pastry looking thing was crispy, sweet and delightful!
The deli serves boars head meats and cheeses which are my favorite and imo of the best quality .
The deli employees at this smiths  are very helpful .
As for food, the duck fat fries are so good!
Great fruit and vegetables.
Check out the meat and deli.
They suggested a sparkling cider for thanksgiving last year that was delicious without being too pretentious.
I tried one of the food court located next to the meat department.
Wonderful variety of fresh fruits and veggies.
Many isles of different ethnic foods and spices.
It's like a hip farmers market/food court with a bar!
And as such, their prepared foods are immeasurably better and cheaper.
Food wise, there's something delicious for me at every meal which is nice as a vegetarian.
I just stuffed it in peppers for baked for 45min at 350f, and it was delicious!
Everyone knows they have good vegetables, but to our surprise the meat from their meat counter is excellent.
The restaurant/deli was very clean which is a plus.
The best mexican food in town.
Just a deli, so selections are small, but wonderful.
This is authentic, so if you like texmex or americanmexican food, you will not like this and stay away.
Have a good assortment of gluten free food.
Everybody already knows that the food at sprouts is always fresh and very healthy (well most of it is healthy).
Store is a super center so you can find their food department here as well.
I always shop here for dry goods, frozen foods and baking supplies.
Fresh fruit and produce is available as well.
A bargain hunters delight!!!!
I am not kidding...check out the deli!
While slightly overpriced on many items such as yogurt, milk  and produce, the deli sandwich prices can't be beat.
The store is always clean and the food always appears fresh.
This is my favorite place in town owner and staff are so friendly, food is always fresh.
The service has always been stellar from the produce dept to the deli, everyone goes above and beyond to help.
The tomato and mozzarella appetizer is delicious and more like a meal than an appetizer.
Tonight we tried one of your chicken salad we found in the deli/ cold cut area, it was actually great!
Their deli selections are always fresh and very reasonably priced.
But i don't care if the food is expensive it's not about that.
He made great suggestions from food to drink and i am not always impressed when servers make suggestions.
The other staff members well very delightful, kind and willing to help.
It was absolutely delicious, and i wish i lived closer so i could indulge in one every week.
The vegetables, seafood , all other goods , wine and beer selections are above the norm .
One thing i really liked was their selection of bento boxes and prepared foods.
We love our food co-op!
All are delicious, but my favorites have to be sandia, melón, or piña.
Also some asados, vegetables and chicharons (fried pig parts like intestines and belly).
I love they have a bulk foods section...things like tapioca flour, flax seed, candy, nuts etc.
2) mushroom pizza: delicious!
Price:  for the quality and taste of the food, i'd say this place is very fair for what they charge.
The customer service in the deli and meat department is the best!
Off we went back to the deli area.
The man in charge of the precooked food was so nice.
I started my fit foods last week and loving everything about it.
The food is very tasty and satisfying, no more snacking for me!
I love the convenience of myfitfoods and having the fresh options.
So, i really need to find some vegan food that are are to find in normal grocery store.
Whether you're hungry and want to grab a quick sandwich from the deli {best sandwiches ever!
As i'm starting to eat healthier, i realized that whole foods isn't too bad.
People who work here are great food is insane.
I suggest trying the place with the seafood.
I went around ordering at the other places in the building and the food was good too.
The food is good and good for you!
I highly recommend to anyone who loves food and maybe looking to incorporate more veggies into their diet.
Great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, seafood and staples.
Great place to people watch and enjoy great food at the same time.
I finally can now say i've had food that wasn't sweet.
It's a lot like seafood city but smaller yet designed well and in a more convenient location.
Prices are fair and i'd rather go here than seafood city, less traffic and always good parking and friendly service.
The fruit and vegetables were beautiful.
The atmosphere is always loud and bustling, but our food surprisingly doesn't ever take that long to get.
Won't shop anywhere else for my groceries, fresh meat, deli, and sushi.
If there's a single w. african food you need, this is the place to get it.
They're kind of the only place in pittsburgh for good w. african food as far as i know.
There was a good article in the post-gazette about this place as well:  http://www.post-gazette.com/life/food/2013/07/11/a-guy-from-ghana-opens-his-food-store-in-brookline/stories/201307110220
The hot food counter, omg!
So many different foods to choose from, along with just off the griddle tortillas, horchatas, etc.
Fun place, great atmosphere, good drinks and yummy food!
Organic foods and products at a reasonable price.
I particularly like their fruits, vegetables, and bulk items.
Their produce is fresh and there is a deli, bakery and butcher services available as well.
Smiths is the old food 4 less location.
Wayyyy better than the old food 4 less.
Vegetables and fruits are inexpensive and they have a good variety.
Seafood is good, they have noodles etc etc.
When they opened the new store, they also had sampling (food sampling?
Service is spot on, over 100 beers to chose from and the food is yum!
Sprouts is hands down one of the best places around to get fruits, veggies, and meats.
When you want to make exotic food this would be a go to place.
Awesome #glutenfree #dairyfree yummy food!
Great selection of charcuterie items, and gourmet foodstuffs like foie gras and truffles products.
Courage foods is a wonderful neighborhood shop.
The owners really have a love of food and the community they serve.
Last thanksgiving i was able to preorder a sweet potato pie that was absolutely delicious.
Not only beautiful, but delicious!!
I have regularly returned for the consistent good food since moving to the biltmore area.
Great food, very fresh and they use high quality ingredients.
Good selection of all sort of items such as candies, flours, chips, dry fruit etc.
They were delicious, fresh, authentic and very well priced (under $10 lunch).
You will not find a better place in the area for all your middle eastern and meditterrean food needs.
The food is unforgettable.
I love their food!
It's fun trying new foods and also nice trying authentic versions of food i already enjoy.
Better choices were the two versions of potsticker (pork and pork/vegetable), the glazed chicken wings, and bbq pork.
Tom friday's is one of the only butchers left in pittsburgh, and the meats are delicious.
Im definitely not going here looking for vietnamese food.
The store was clean and smelled delicious.
Two things i love about sprouts: the deli sandwiches and their tropical island fruit mix.
The deli here is just awesome.
Sandwiches are big, cheap, and packed with delicious.
Aside from sandwiches, their tropical island fruit mix is the best of any grocery chain.
If you're into dried fruit, it comes highly recommended.
So many selections, especially the seafood department.
I also liked that they had a section to buy nuts and dried fruit in bulk.
It's a whole foods.
They have great prepared food items and the meat department is really one of the best.
Best italian deli sandwich i've ever eaten.
This place is awesome, a huge variety of food/drinks and trinkets in addition to awesome food.
This is definitely a deli.
Oh there is also a food court here.
I also like their mushroom selection and fresh vegetables.
Their deli is very well-stocked and i have a strong feeling it has gotten better with time.
Their tags for example on their deli sandwiches say in big bold numbers, 2.49.
Huge portions, delicious, worth every cent.
Their deli is bigger, they have sushi in the store (typical grocery store sushi).
The best part is the deli and cheese deli.
It was absolutely delicious!
Went here to do some grocery shopping, bought some salads, fruits, little healthy knick knacks to eat when hungry.
They have some of the best food in belmont and an exceptional patio.
The customer service was excellent and i was able to find a variety of food items to choose from.
Came here for chocolate and strawberries, convenient store and great prices, big selection of nice foods surprisingly
The second reason is the hot food counter.
A salutation to the deli department...hello.
Starbucks, amazing deli, smoothie bar, olive bar, salad bar, cheese department, bakery, fresh cinnamon sugar tortillas...
Love their fresh meal options...one of the best solutions for healthy quick food i have been able to find.
Desoto has a growing selection of artisanal foods.
Also check out the hot dog and hamburger buns - they are fresh and delicious!!
For their ever soo deliciously great sangria!!
All the food and bread i've gotten has been good and fresh too.
There were some other food but i was kinda scared to try.
One side kick tho: waiter was kept asking if i am done with my food.
Nice people, fresh food... give it a try.!
This is a great place to get organic & natural foods & products.
They also have a large bulk section for staples like grains, seeds, dried fruit, granola, etc.
The folks that prepare food at la grande orange are consistently putting out great food.
, when i want great food lgo is the place i go!
Oakridges food market is a small speciality grocery store, the sister store to concord food market in concord, ontario.
Seafood city is so far from my house and didn't sell blue crab when i went.
-the pancakes are the thin kind, very delicious with a cream topping with strawberry.
The produce section is enormous and there are always friendly guys re-stocking the selection with fresh vegetables and fruits.
Always buy what's on sale and in season- it's delicious.
During mango season (spring), they're small but oh my goodness are they delicious!
You can leave with a shopping cart full of food and paper towels like i did for less than $35.
They also have prepared foods, bakery items and pizza dough... lots of other stuff.
Great selection of all produce, meats, seafood and ethnic foods for a fraction of what i'd pay at loblaws.
- great selection of fresh veggis and fruits at very cheap prices.
- great variety of homemade food, bbq chicken, hummus, salsa, etc.
- fresh mussels, seafood, and live lobsters are available.
- amazing selection of mediterranean food items all around, lots of cheese, etc.
What else is good or even delicious ?
The very very best thing about winco is the freaking huuuge bulk food section!
The quality of fruit and veggies is unsurpassable, and their meat is divine.
It's the only us foods chef's store in the nation.
If you're having a large cookout or a party, this is your place for food.
They offer pints of strawberries, other berries lol, pineapples, and other fruits that don't have to be bought in bulk.
Don't let the location fool you, this food is unbelievable!
The waiter is always engaging and friendly and is more than happy to talk about the food, soccer, etc.
And baking ingredients - specialty food - multicultural, special diet (i.e.
Their name brand food items are what shine, for me.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods.
The fruit and veggies look perfect.
Healthy food that is also mouth watering is so hard to find.
Bottom line: if you haven't tried the food at bronze cafe, you need to.
Their cosmetic section is right in front of the food entrance.
Its clean, open, bright, and offers pretty much any type of food for any discerning palatte on a reasonable budget.
It is a grocery, delicatessen, restaurant, gift shop, bar, it goes on!
And it never gets old and it always is delicious.
They also have a nice selection of fruits and vegetables.
They also have an area that will make you food..  february 2018
I can only describe this place as the love child of costco and food4less.
I was especially impressed by how decent their fresh seafood prices were!
I made a charcuterie board for christmas and they carried all the specialty meats, cheeses and dried fruits i needed.
They also have the most delicious tamales, weekends only.
I love that their menu offers a variety of foods that are unique and fresh.
I ordered the chicken salad croissant with a side of pasta salad, both of which were delicious.
The market holds different food venders probably about 4 or 5 with different menu selections.
I got the bacon jam toast with a sunny side up egg and watercress garnish, it was delicious!
Made from real fruit.
This is real mexican food served just the way this hombre likes it.
The decor is minimal and the food is maximal!
It was fairly clean n they had a pretty decent health food section for reasonable prices.
The extra firm tofu is cheap and delicious.
The high protein vegetable burgers are amazeballs!
My pizza order was wrong at first, but they fixed it and it was delish!
Everything is made fresh, so you may have to wait for your food.
We decided on the icing (cream cheese-delicious) and added a filling (raspberry-must try!)
They need to fill this place up with artisan food vendors and the foodies will keep coming .
It's worth it to get out of there with 7 days' of food for $25.
Seafood city on maryland parkway is the jackpot.
The product lines concentrate on filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.
Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.
You can find great deals on fresh produce, cheese and seafood.
They also offer delivery to some parts of town.
Anyway, i ordered the poached eggs with english muffin, fruit salad and a side of bacon.
They have fresh fruit and quality meats and seafood.
I purchased salmon here and it was delicious!
I love their fresh fruit and vegetables, the quality and the prices are amazing.
We ended up getting the foodie fight game as a gift.
Good variety of organic foods.
Their prepared foods are delicious.
Their bakery goods are delicious!
They have organic and grass fed meats and a nice selection of sea food.
I wish they would have gone with higher end foods and treats like the mustard see does.
Good food low prices on the sandwiches an beer and marty and the staff are fantastic u
Let me say it again in case you did not hear me....amazing food.
Very fresh and delicious.
Grape leaves with seasoned rice stuffing--- again so fresh and delicious.
Loved the grocery store and bakery secretion but the cooked food was just ok.
Has a mini food court at the front as well.
There is a wide variety of asian food as well as some canadian stuff for a very decent price.
If you like fresh food or curious to try something new, try this place out.
Like it when they sample the food.
If you're looking for some great produce at amazing prices, skip whole foods and go to sprouts.
We tried four dishes and the were all delicious.
They have the best selection of food and get all the new items right away.
The fresh made food section is on par with whole foods, but better prices!
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for seafood city.
And she ends her review with "i'll go to whole foods next time i need crab."
That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like whole foods , but neither are the prices.
All the food is high quality and very affordable.
I think of it an aj's fine foods at half the price.
The food was finger licking good.
"di food irie mon"
Excellent authentic mexican food, what a find.
Plus this store gives thousands of dollars of food to local food pantries a month!
They have fresh produce, fresh seafood, meat, and frozen food section.
On a budget you can pretty much buy a lot of asian ingredients and make food at home.
Mainly i come here just for coconut water, skin care beauty products, and the food.
I love the atmosphere and smell of fresh food.
Food is easy to find and organized perfectly.
Luckily, i can stock up on essentials and delicious extras.
Great variety of items and meat seafood etc.
In addition to the deli area you will find a small restaurant.
Bottom line: check this place out for authentic italian deli and gelato, you won't be disappointed!
Authentic mexican food at its finest!
They have a great bakery and deli section.
Alot of variety of imported italian food products.
Vegetables are fresh well kept.
The cooked meats and ceviche at the back of the store look delicious.
The variety of food choices is amazing.
The produce is great, frozen food items (which i normally don't get) are delicious.
The food is tasty.
This review is for the deli.
There is even seating area by the hot food.
The environment mixed with the amazing food, is a huge plus for me.
The food is absolutely amazing!
The food is fantastic.
It's a smorgasbord of fun, artsy trinkets and food.
I am a huge fan of seafood city.
Fresh fruits and veggies, hma certified halal meat available.
Everything from bbq skewers (my favourite) to balut, the place has a wide variety of filipino foods.
Chances are they'll even have your street food craving.
Granted, the prices are high but the food is excellent.
I've also tried their seafood cocktails, etc.
Various food booths to try out.
They don't have much collection in country specific foods unlike real canadian superstore etc;
Appears they have a contract with fv foods because i saw a lot of their sweets baked goods here.
In the back there is a meat and seafood counter - which is the large contributor to the awful odor.
This market is about a mile from the bellagio hotel and serves as a great small local food/meat/produce market.
Authentic middle eastern food with fabulous kabobs.
It's great to have an upscale small food court in such a great looking location (inside decor is great!)
The communter sandwich is my favorite breakfast food.
Lots of pretty fruits fresh, juicey and great flavors, especially the plums.
Food is so yummy!
Nights for $7.99- never been but i've heard it's delish!
And other non gluten foods too.
One of the best deli meat counters.
So thank you for selling summer fresh pad thai, yves kale & root vegetable patties and s&f roasted red peppers.
I love this place, and prefer it over whole foods.
The food, the drinks, his staff and the location were perfect!
We had to take home red velvet and strawberry cupcakes just to sample, which were so very delicious.
They offer counter service with a deli as well.
The meats and cheeses behind the glass look very fresh and delightful.
From the produce department i did need mangos, and other various fruits.
The fruit that they sell here is so inexpensive.
The fruits here is not just wonderful to look at but taste yummy too.
Although one of the deli ladies is to be desired most of the staff are amazing.
I've shopped food 4 less, albertson's, vons, wal-mart and smiths.
Winco also only takes debit or cash and you bag your own groceries like a food 4 less.
I tried some fruit samples and cannot wait to get my hands on some more.
I also shop at whole foods, big carrot, longo's and loblaws.
Better than the fish store on bayview and whole foods also on bayview.
As for deli and fast food well again...i never buy it here or any store.
Deli service is different staff and seems very slow.
Just like the name says, fine foods.
This corky little food find is a gem.
Walking inside, first you'll encounter a couple of aisles with different types of authentic middle eastern food (grocery store style).
Then the back has a small deli where you can order food to go.
Great place for the most amazing fruits and vegetables   and love the new juice bar!!
The mexican food restaurant in here is awesome, too.
However by doing this you go through an enormous amount of fruits and veggies.
Really nice staff and comforting food!
Food is displayed in a case and there are tables to sit.
Chicken soup was hearty and the churro was delicious!!!
This one of the best places to eat real mexican food for a fair price and good taste.
-they sell fancy gourmet dog food in refrigerated rolls!
The cake was delicious and the whole family loved it!
This store has everything you would need from clothes to bathroom supplies and food.
The food is fantastic!
Its a family owned restaurant and the food clearly shows that.
Already cooked, hot filipino food including pork and chicken adobo, beef menudo, and more are also offered here.
Additionally, there's a tiny window for a deli in the back that have some traditional hmong food ready in minutes.
Since i got pho, we decided to dine in and the servers nicely bought out our food.
My boyfriend got some pork belly and it was chewy and delicious.
Overall, we had a pleasant time at this local family owned shop for a delicious home-cooked style meal.
Love the ambiance, customer service and food.
A little pricey but i'd pay anything for good quality food!
I shop for my produce and by the time i get to the deli my order is waiting for me.
I have order about 10 delicious cakes from her over the past 8 months.
They had a 10 or 12 foot stretch of shelving with six shelfs just devoted to that delicacy.
Had our last lunch here and it was so delicious!!!
Very good food, service was perfect, and the freshly squeezed orange juice...just yes!
There is a great atmosphere and lots of delicious food.
Super amazing for gluten free delights!!
A bit pricy ($7) for the dozen, but you get what you pay for with food.
Fresh fruits and veggies everywhere.
I asked of she could deliver them to my grandma for a nice tip and she agreed.
For freshest produce and deli, meats, and cheese department this is the choice grocer in the area.
The food was fantastic!!
If you've never been to a whole foods before then be ready to be overwhelmed.
A little bit of a scene, but the food is solid and the service is great.
Excellent healthy choices, delicious frozen foods, 3 buck chuck, good variety of breads, and the lowest cheese prices!
Trader joe's is one of those grocery stores that have a variety of difference foods that you can choose from.
Prices are good and bought a carrot cake cupcake to taste and it was delicious!
Its definitely a coin toss here when it comes to their veggies and fruits.
It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.
I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile.
When it come to food and items going into my mouth, i am very careful.
This is the only place i would buy my fruits and veggies when i was living in chandler.
Maybe it's the good food vibes?
Imagine world market..now picture a store ten times that size with a vast selection of produce and international food.
That is unheard of at harris teeter, where they can be upwards of $6.00 per fruit.
Towards the back is the meat/seafood department.
The seafood looked fresh as well, but could be smelled throughout the whole store.
Although, i would recommend trying some authentic food from either source.
It's a delight to wander through the store and just look around at all the great food here.
They have great bakery and deli trays.
It's a little dated inside, but it's clean (ignore the  black-smudged up floors), the deli features boars head (my favorite!!!)
As we went down the food aisles, it was very easy to navigate.
I found winco foods to be a great place for most of my shopping.
My food budget is $200.00 a month and that includes all things like health care, toothpaste, coffee, spices, virtually everything.
Winco is best for the careful shopper who avoids junk food and processed food.
The red velvet cake was really good and the sticky morning bun was also delicious!
Jackfruit on display, bitter melon, snakefruit, longan, you name it they have it.
Walk straight to the back for some delicious already cooked filipino food.
Http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/asian-seafood-market-las-vegas?select=bn6migyfrjd1ojsdontuuq#6vvat_dtg2f5pkjvrlicka not as good my dad but still good.
They also have nice selection of seafood, which they'll clean and fry for you.
They have pre-made pinakbet vegetables packets all ready for you to add the rest of the ingredients and cook.
They have a decent selection of vegetables but not always in the freshes conditions.
It's small in comparison to seafood city and less busy but convenient the henderson people.
**** .....anyway, the food selection here is top of the line considering it's size.
I'll admit it) i will say all the food inside is divine.
They were all delicious in their own unique way.
If you need some italian food,  come down here.
The food itself is very good whether it be the breakfast specials, sandwiches, desserts, pizzeria, or coffee.
Other than that, no complaints at all about the food.
You start with the vegetables which wrap around towards the back and transitions into the meats and fish.
For the food, their "i love you brooklin" and their heirloom rice bowl is fantastic.
They have a great deli selection too.
Try the seafood salad.
It's similar to whole foods but a smaller, scaled down version.
Prices are about the same as whole foods too.
Delicious beers as far as the eye can see.
I love this seafood market!!
It is so clean everytime we come here and the produce and seafood is super fresh!!!
Neat place, could spend awhile browsing while waiting for food.
Open until pretty late and great food and service.
The older gentleman that works at the wine rack is a delight.
They are all delicious!
We were on the lookout for authentic middle eastern food, and not the mainstream familiar most people go for.
This little hole in the wall is a must visit for authentic pakistani/indian food.
Frozen fruit for such a great price like $1.99 for a bag of strawberries!
Great food and incredible personal service.
Their prepared foods are all excellent; may i recommend the asian peanut noodles?
The food is always delicious.
It's like a boutique convenience store for foodies and that is always handy.
They have vegan super fruit muffins that are $0.99.
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of filipino/asian items n ingredients.
Even seasonal fruits from the philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more.
Growing up with my parents owning a grocery store you learn a lot about food selection and quality.
I wish they had a fresh bakery department, but maybe that kind of goes against their focus on healthy foods.
From clothes to frozen foods to blenders to sushi, this place has it all.
The deli serves up sandwiches with super fresh ingredients and the staff are friendly.
I love the fresh food in the deli.
And they have tons of diverse selections and fusion style foods.
They have a wide variety of fruits and veggies and the herbs here are priced very affordably.
The seafood section while small is one of the better ones in town for the asian market scene.
Great food, a huge variety of affordable, interesting beer, and an on-site butcher - what's not to like?
Yes you heard right they have packages of fruit, veggies and other awesome select foods for only 98cents!!
Today i went there to purchase a fruit tray for my daughters high school cross country after training function.
It was up to me to find the "perfect" selection of fruit.
Unfortunately when i arrived at the store i could not find any fruit trays.
Within 10 minutes she presented me with a beautiful selection of fruit.
Love the food and grocery store.
Commuter sandwich is my favorite breakfast item and you can go wrong with pizza or rotisserie food here.
I love you, madison whole foods.
My husband loves the whole foods brand shampoo.
I got the figgy flatbread and it was delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the seafood section.
Nice store with all kinds of groceries available, neatly maintained and fresh vegetables.
They have variety of sea food and chicken is priced cheaper than other stores.
Menu had a good variety of food and different serving sizes.
Got greeted right away and was explained the concept ... bar, coffee, food.
And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your filipino dish.
It's the only seafood city in vegas.
They have a juice bar starbucks sushi bar prepared foods the whole nine yards.
Sometimes they're out of my favorite beer because other people also acknowledge it's delicious and order it.
Their food is creative and delicious but still full of familiar and hearty flavors.
I have been to food city before.
Food city has a great selection of fruit, meat, and seafood.
Like i can't buy food and coffee at the same time?
The texans raved about the amazingly fresh and delicious food, and could not believe the prices.
You know you're getting super high-quality food with ingredients that are actually good for your body.
My favorite supermarket  the best quality of food although little pricy i get all my meat from there
It was delicious as always.
Lgo has always had a pricey breakfast menu for the little amount of food you get.
But it is a popular spot and the food never disappoints.
The turkey salad is delicious but the reuben sandwich was amazing.
The gelato is some of the best in town, creamy and delicious.
Not a crave for bakery or the hot food so they don't bother me.
The seafood selection is superior!
The food court is unique!
Pre-prepared food selections make dinner easy.
Think h mart, with less korean food vendors and a lot more international produce and products.
Tons of seafood and also restaurants in the front of the store.
Love them i've been a delivery customer for a few years now!
I love you guys best food ever.
I'm not huge on this type food but myself and two brothers got the family platter and it was excellent.
The deli case workers are so sweet!
You can taste the fresh vegetables in every bite!
This place is my local vegetable market, and a great one it is.
A great place to restaurant supplies and food in bulk.
Also, you can find king crab legs, lobster tails, and other great seafood items.
Everything here is stacked full and fresh with tons of sweet bread and the most delicious looking cakes!
The seafood section is not as stinky as other's have mentioned!
All hand crafted and delicious!
It's like going through the asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!
If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other filipino delights, come and check out this place.
Price is better than most of the other health food stores.
Shop for alcohol and non-food items elsewhere.
They had a wide array of meats, a fairly sizable separate enclosure for fresh seafood, as well as ethnic foods.
They also have a huge section of hot and ready to eat chinese and indian food for takeaway.
And a million more delightful delicacies which tempted me for forty seconds before i gave in.
Ms martha always holds it down with the food.
Authentic indian/pakistani food here!
This is an adorable little organic food market that is right around the corner from my current home!
There aren't enough organic food markets in general, so i'm so glad that this place exists!
Alas, we live in alberta and it's much too cold to grow luscious vegetables and fruit year round.
They got everything and my favourite part is..the food court :d yummy hot dogs + pop for only $1.99!
Ended up getting the turkey pumpkin salad which is delicious!
Order at the register and wait for your name to be called when the food is ready, serve yourself coffee.
It was reasonably priced (2 eggs, fresh baked bread, meat, fruit $5.50) they have curbside service too.
The store and food was fabulous!
& some passion fruit tea (yes, real men drink this,,lol).
Great place for good food.
I love the preservative-free food.
These said vegetables are washed and clean; looking oh so fresh!
It shows here in the love that they show in maintaining such high quality standards of fruits and veggies.
On to the rest of the store; the bakery and deli seem lovely lots of fresh delicious meats and cheeses.
I love that when i bring groceries home she can smell her food from the bag.
With the fresh and delicious produce selection one cannot go wrong.
But the food is delicious.
My favorite food in all of mother earth is now here.
I was overwhelmed at all of the options and exotic fruits and veggies they carry.
I purchased some of the delicious apple cider to enjoy at home.
The air smelled truly delicious outside.
Good beer, great opportunity for local food geniuses to exhibit their talents, and welcoming staff.
I wandered around a little bit and saw a nice selection of filipino foods.
From the moment i entered, i was in food heaven.
If you want a wide variety of food and middle eastern treats, this is the place to go!
This is a wonderful family-run grocery store that specializes  in fresh produce, top quality meats and italian food.
Let's talk about the fresh food.
Also all the people at the food counters are really nice.
This is the nicest aldi in the area and i will be going back for some more affordable food.
My friend jamie always gets cakes for different work functions from this buehler's, and they are always gorgeous and delicious!
They have the industrial urban feel along with a "market" of food and drink options to choose.
You head to whole foods when you have disposable income.
The real reason to come is for their deli and bakery (especially).
Everything i've had in their deli is delicious.
Mind-altering experiences come from eating their fruit tart or cheesecake.
They do have small plates of food but i have yet to try them so far.
Has a "food 4 less" feel to it but is better appearing.
El rancho is not just a market...it's almost like a food village.
There's just so much energy in here and some great aunthentic food that is quick to go!
I've eaten here probably about ten times now, and every time the food is consistently *amazing*.
The chicken tagine is served with delicious olives and preserved lemons.
The couscous is light, fluffy, and fills your belly with the blissful contentedness that only a home-cooked meal can deliver.
They can get busy here, but even when they were the wait for our food never seemed too long.
All in all, this place is an absolute delight and this five-star review has been long overdue.
The seafood and meat ladies seemed off today though.
I shopped more at whole foods when i was a little kid with my mom.
I got enough food for the week for about half as much as at the 'big box' stores.
This fry's has everything, food, pharmacy, books, electronics a fred meyers jewelry store, starbucks and us bank.
Some of the best food i have ever had.
My grandma picked up some prescriptions for my aunt and then lunch for everyone from the food court thing.
Of food additives per year?
"strawberry fields forever..."  (move over wild oats & whole foods)
A nice and clean supermarket with a complete variety of filipino food.
I'm just going to sit here and daydream about the giant delicious meatball panini i just ate.
I've also had their cheesecake and it was delicious.
Seafood city market has a lot of merchandise and produce.
They have a fruit and vegetable section, frozen food section, meats and seafood sections as well!
You know the food must be good when you see a line of people 20+ deep.
The food was fresh, tasty, and pretty darn cheap.
They also sell meat, veggies & fruits, and lots of mexican spices and dried goods.
Service was far above average from the wonderful women who were also preparing our food.
Great find for authentic food!
Great service, great food and drinks and wonderful place to be with community.
I was able to pick up some delicious cookies and grab some cheese and olives from their incredible deli section.
The best mexican food in calgary, and it's not even close.
The food is amazing.
The store has a good size and is stocked with wholesome foods.
And depending on what's on the menu, then we'll maneuver our way to the back for protein and seafood.
I tried fry's new grocery service, and i'm never buying food the old way again.
Jollibee, red ribbon, chow king, several deli restaurant & now a magnolia ice cream?!
Great service and food at reasonable prices.
Very good food but the no servers or full service restaurant before 4pm kind of bugs me
I hope to try more food next time!
Seriously the best japanese food in pittsburgh.
This is one of the best mediterranean food stores i've been into and that includes san francisco, vancouver and toronto.
There is a separate order counter for nuts and deserts, an island of olive selections, and homemade prepared foods.
This however, gives me unique insight into the food produced by the gardeners kitchen.
I grew up eating the food my sister cooked and it was always fantastic.
She is one of my foodie inspirations.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit, a delicious dessert, or something fun from the the store!
It has nuts, dried fruit and syrup that can be added to it.
This whole foods is pretty good!
Whole foods, please use your hippie clout and get a turn lane put in to access the parking lot.
Take your money to wal-mart and buy american food, you fake filipinos!
It is clean with a deli & grocery on one end and pharmacy/home goods on the other.
The food looks fresh-which is nice.
I love coming here for fruits and veggies.
They have a deli area that sells vietnamese sandwiches, and many other vietnamese snacks/goodies.
I went that route and hardly ever deviate from that most delicious choice.
The service is awesome, super friendly batistas every morning that make delicious coffee.
Delicious medjool dates in the bulk section, fresh fish, and omg, pork belly!
The food is amazing, gf or not!
The food is cheap, the store is clean, the produce fresh (hence the name), and the staff ultra friendly.
The deli has house made prosciutto that is excellent, 10 slices for $2.80.
The pizza is delicious and their chocolate walnut cookie is the best i have ever had!
They have healthy food!
It wasn't expected that we were gonna be amazed by how fresh the food is.
Great store,  buffet is bad old food, but the sandwichs and pizza and selection is great
They will make your food however you want.
The food here is consistent with the other locations.
I can get a few bags full of food for a very reasonable price!
Great service, friendly stuff, reasonable prices, so healthy food and so many choices of vegan dishes.
Great place for german food and products!!!
You can always ask to have the food divided up and sealed in smaller portions.
The chicken breasts are huge and the steaks are delicious.
I just moved from hawaii not too long ago, and have been horribly missing my favorite foods there.
I bumped in to this store while out one day, and came out with bags of all my favorite foods.
If you're from hawaii, or just like asian foods, little divisoria is the place for you to be.
Main point- great store, huge variety of hawaiian and asian foods/products and friendly, accommodating service.
You had isles and isles of unknown foods.
Aside from that t&t has an incredible selection of all-foods-asian.
You order at the counter, and then the food is brought out to you.
Their prices are great and their food selection is outstanding.
Best place to go for seafood in charlotte!
It's pretty reasonably priced too compared to other seafood markets.
The food is great too but the beer is what sets this place apart.
The servers have a great sense of humor and know a bit about the food and beers.
I love the bulk/bin section and it means i pretty much never have to go to whole foods again.
I know a lot of people love whole foods but it's a tad expensive.
It's a quick and easy semi fast food joint.
Priced  equal to and in most cases better than food city.
This fine, family owned and operated establishment has been here since 1959 and their food is amazing!
The red pizza is delicious and you can't beat their fresh, made to order subs!
I haven't tried their food yet but just based off the layout i think this place is a homerun.
It was delicious and i have bought some since.
The fresh vegetable, dry, and frozen sections are much bigger as well.
Looks like other food stores will be coming soon making it into a small food court, hopefully.
I've eaten here several times and never had any bad food.
The food bars are delicious and always fresh and the pizzas perfectly cooked and they are generous on the toppings.
The food is great!
There is no deli, bakery or bank.
Much to our surprise-there is a bar, sushi station, deli area, bakery.
Their fresh prepared foods are delicious, different and worldly.
I like that they have a greater cleveland food bank fundraiser during harvest for hunger.
All food is fresh, best veggies always fully stocked at a reasonable price.
Can we say delicious and best of both worlds in one ginormous cookie?!?!
The piece of cake just melts in your mouth...it was like a food orgasm!
Great food, great atmosphere and the beer selection is amazing !!
I found this food while visiting from san diego !!!
I love the bulk food selection.
The food court isn't too great, so i would suggest people avoid it.
It was healthy and delicious.
Food in the airport is usually not very good or good for you but this salad was both.
I've price compared with noah's, whole foods, etc - and ambrosia's prices are better.
It was on par delicious.
Cocina like its made in mexico, and by that i mean the food court is authentic and yummy.
I love the bakery and deli sections, which are so much more expanded than your typical fry's.
You're in for fresh food delight!
Oh--and they have a hot table with prepared food, which is also tasty business, but i rarely use it.
A must eat in phoenix, not just for the food, but the experience.
It's a grocery store slash dinner or delicatessen (lunch) and a gelato shop in 1!
Not breaded, baked in a delicious sauce and then you can smother it with your favorite dressing.
All of their favors are delicious and made fresh at the store.
Their delicious pizzas and wings are only served at dinner.
This is the best place to buy food.
Winco has more food than at smith's and the winco brand is great.
I've experienced a few "international foods" style markets in charlotte.
They have an amazing candle selection, and all of the foods and spices are very reasonable.
Anyway, tjs is wonderful....way more reasonable than whole foods & it just seems friendlier!
Delicious chicken couscous, lamb, and goat.
The food is fantastic (i had the kebab) and the servings generous.
Bbq egg rolls; delicious.
If you want to shop at whole foods on a trader joe's budget this is your place.
I enjoy the bulk food for snacks, but i do question how sanitary it is.
The meat itself looks delicious, even in its raw form!
They have a fridge and freezer full of pre-packaged and ready-made food, as well as canned goods.
It was a very delicious combo, however weird it sounds!
), to a variety of your usual supermarket products, bulk items and even some premade food items as well.
The food was well prepared.
This location has a "food court" where you can buy some fast food items like pizza, hotdogs, pretzels, salads, etc.
Im not in the neighborhood often, but when i am in this neck of the woods, this location delivers!
Order at the counter, pick up your food and find a table type place.
Oj and grapefruit/pomegranate juice-  everything is freshly squeezed and has tons of pulp which i love.
That always have some interesting things, and plenty of delicious vegetarian frozen items for lunches.
Great food and atmosphere, we will be back
The food here is heaven!!!!
Fruits are good and their yogurt selection is filled with non-dairy items which is great.
The 3 piece special well priced and delicious.
Excellent customer service and all of their rebranded food is excellent.
I first compared the look and quality of the food to whole foods market.
I found a lot of the food network personality's food item, such as barefoot contessa, paula deen, and emeril.
In addition, there were some foods imported from other countries.
I found turducken in the frozen food aisle for $55!!
There's also a hot food deli section which looked good.
Got food to go.
The salads and sandwiches are freshly made to order and are delicious as well as priced well.
Since we live out of state we order everything on line which comes delivered on dry ice.
Nice supermarket for fresh seafood and ulam.
Why cook at home when you can just buy from grill city or from the food court.
Probably one of the bigger asian supermarket with a togo deli inside.
You cant compare this to whole foods.
On the other end of the market, there is a deli.
Prepared food: they have a huge buffet style food section which targets the lunch and dinner crowd.
Beau grand choix de fruits& légumes frais, noix.
The airport location was amazing and delicious with a ton of vegan, gluten free options.
You are going here for the food not so much the ambiance.
I send everyone and their mom here who likes "indian" food and has never had pakistani food.
I highly recommend eating a tammie coe pastry while waiting for your food.
Great places for low priced european food of all types.
I love the music, food, vibe and ambiance.
Food is totally awesome.
Fantastic food, very authentic.
Menu caters to the brunch, deli, and pizza folks!
All good and delicious!
They also have a delicious green smoothie that my picky daughter can't seem to get enough of.
You can't go wrong with the fruity pebbles rice krispy treat, but my new fave is the lemon-mint cake.
Excellent fruits and vegetables selection with plenty of choice and quality.
The pc/no name products, which are loblaws store brands, offer quality food and home products at more affordable prices.
If you're looking for seafood city, 99 ranch store or some other all-asian megamarket, this isn't the place.
What you will find when you go through the door is a neighborhood grocery store, primarily specializing in japanese food.
The pho was delicious and it was pretty cheap for good pho around madison.
I had no food in the house for the weekend.
If you're patient, there is deliciousness here for you.
The people that work here are incredibly friendly and must really take pride in their food.
The quality of the ingredients is superb and the food tastes amazing.
But good food takes time!
Also you may not need to eat for the rest of the day after having their food.
This location has the best selection of beer, vegan and heath foods in this area.
I have a food baby and it is totally worth it.
Great service and wonderful food.
Looks like they converted three storefronts in a mini strip mall layout into a connected grocery store/deli/pizza parlor/gelato bar.
Oh and forbidden/black rice can be found in the bulk food section too.
Heck they even have bulk pet food!!!
Well that's my mini review for winco bulk food section.
Food is great, i get food here when i do not feel like cooking at home.
Food is very fairly priced for the quality.
Overall, i definitely would come back if i ever need organic food or health supplements.
Small family run deli that has delicious sandwiches at a very reasonable price.
By the way, if you've never shopped at save-a-lot, don't expect a lot of name brand foods.
With that being said, the food is still cheap.
The fries are delicious!
Lots of awesome stuff to gape at while you're waiting for your food.
I also had some super delicious iced green tea.
They even have a baby aisle with formula and diapers and an aisle with pet food.
I definitely prefer shopping for food here over the regular walmart anyway.
I'm consistently happy with the quality of foods in this small market.
Has the best fruit that i've found in a grocery store in montreal.
I'm thoroughly spoilt by the fruit i get from here and don't like going to other grocery stores now.
Besides fruit it has a good variety of everything including organic stuff.
I usually order the shrimps from the cooked food section.
Plenty of sweets and delicious items not found at your big box shopping centers.
Tip for everyone if you don't want to see windex or dog food.. just don't go to the back tables.
The barn at 598 queen st west another greasy spoon but no dog food or windex.
I love the food here, been coming for at least 10 years.
Gf pizza, delicious gelato, breakfast served until 4pm!!!
Seriously,  eddie basha set up food city to give economically struggling families a place to shop for less.
The food available for take out is delicious!
Same goes for the fresh individual salads in the deli section.
An abundance of fresh fruits and vegetables great meats in the deli, and awesome food to go.
As for the hot food i had a chicken empanada, and a potato taco.
Their salads are top notch and the baked goods are delish.
Food wrap: no parchment paper, paper plates, or plastic wrap)!
I usually come because they have a large variety of vegetables and fruits for a great price.
Now it does not have to be because you can get your fruits and veggies for cheap.
Go to the pho restaurant connected to capitol seafood restaurant and get their three color chè.
Aslam o aleequm             good quality of food alhumdullaih with reasonable price and excellent friendly service.
It reminds me of a mall food court with an urban twist.
I make all of my daughters baby food so i went for fruits and veggies for her.
At 55 cents and up for a jar of baby food... you do the math!
I do shop here on a regular basis for my fruits, veggies and grains.
They have a huge selection of bins housing grain, nuts, fruits, trail mix and candies.
Awesome layout with numerous food vendors and little farmers market on sunday.
Food places varied from salads to oysters, burgers and what looked like asian fusion.
I appreciate their diverse selection of ethnic foods too, even if i don't partake in all of them.
Further, $1 delivery if your total is over $100 is a pretty nice bonus.
The gelato is unique and delicious.
They have a decent selection of supplements, vitamins, foods, beauty products, etc.
This market has a large variety of foods.
Healthy and delicious choice for every dietary need.
Fry's bistro pizza   a delicious experience watching your pizza made from scratch.
The pizza was soo delicious can't wait to order another.
Their tzatzikii is delish too!
Love the food, key lime pie is delicious not to mention the pecan pie.
Ambrosía food has a great selection of vegan products and i kind of like it more than whole foods.
They have a pharmacy,gift cards,lottery tickets,deli, bakery, hot foods,cards,toys, furniture even.
Bakery items are inviting as they are tasty....meals to go from the deli are very very handy.
Warm and delicious food ready for takeout.
The fried pickle was a huge deli pickle, thick sliced, hand battered and served with dill ranch.
Seafood city supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty filipino items and obviously for seafood.
Great inexpensive grocery food.
On a visit a while back...our brunch dishes were 'delish'!
There are fruits and veggies that i have never seen in las vegas!
Been looking for about ten years for decent indian food and we finally found it!
Even had some delicious vegan gummy bears for dessert.
The food is so flavorful and huge portions.
The jambong is a spicy seafood soup and bulgogi is marinated beef tenderloin, accompanied by rice, kimchee and pickled radish.
Absolutely delicious meal - couscous with lamb for my husband and bastilla for me.
A great cold food bar as well as more hot foods like chicken tenders and things like that.
I stick to the cold food because of the health factor and heat it up in my office if necessary.
Food is awesome, staff is very friendly.
They use a sourdough type crust and it is delicious.
Seafood city has better customer service than greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price.
For now i just tried an iced coffee with a pastry which was absolutely delicious.
As people walk by i saw their plates in the breakfast look absolutely delicious everything made fresh!
Since coming home from california i have been looking for a place to compare to the mexican food there.
This place is fun, funky, and delicious.
It has authentic mexican food.
Also they have frozen fruit bars.
Everything is absolutely delicious...everything!
Great spot to hang out, grab a drink or food.
Along with that they also have a self serve antipasto salad and hot food bar and a organic soda fountain.
Their excellent daily deals on prepared hot food are hard to top anywhere in the vicinity.
I hate how much i love whole foods, because it can really dig a hole in my wallet.
Honestly, not that different from most other whole foods, same great store with awesome service!
You can find some cheaply priced essentials; asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood.
Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time.
The huevos rancheros was also delicious and came with the most amazing, homemade english muffin i have ever had.
From lgo-logoed gear and bottles of delicious wine to unique gifts/housewares and children's games, this grocery has something for everyone.
Great food (complete with several vegetarian options) and fun ambiance!
All types of international food..latin american, indian, thai, croatian, greek, middle east, various asian.
Cheap, delicious, quick and friendly.
Super-fresh, delicious and very friendly service.
Highly recommended for foodies who want authentic indian/pakistani food.
Arz fine foods is your go to place for all things middle eastern.
This pace is part grocery store, bakery, deli and café.
They are way better than any breakfast sandwich you can get at a fast food restaurant.
The food is always good.
They tend to regulary have food samplings which are always fun.
The food is fresh and the prices are outstanding.
They are always doing free food demos  inside.
Fruits and veggies are rarely on promotion .
Bulk food section still amazes me, many large bins of dried fruit, nuts, flours, snack items, and more.
While trying not to mention competition inside businesses, the words whole foods slipped out in a conversation.
It's a good size, carries all the necessary fresh fruits and veggies and the beer selection - oh my.
I have yet to try the food but ill def come for lunch one of these days.
Food and service were excellent, we had the halibut, which was very good.
They have exotic flavors like hibiscus, passion fruit, and honey lavender.
The wonderful woman behind the deli counter provided all the insight an inexperienced queso creator could ever need.
Can't say enough good things about this place...food is fabulous, staff is fabulous!
The pan dulce stop always turns into a fruits and vegetable stop.
They made my 8 year-old son's gluten-free, captain america birthday cake, and it was both beautiful and delicious!
I like this sprouts because they got fresh deli sandwiches that are only $2.75.
Also, you can't by deli meat sliced by the pound.'
Their meat and seafood counter is nothing short of excellent.
Their deli counter is super pleasing.
Their baguettes are also delicious, and at $.99 it's something i can stomach.
Food was great and service was very nice and helpful.
Great place for all my mexican food staples!
The staff is very friendly, helpful and the food is great.
If you like italian food - go here!
The deli guy is really friendly!
My only negative is that the menu is smaller and sometimes i just want mexican seafood (which they don't have).
I have been to lgo a few times now and every time it's a fun and delicious experience.
I've ordered a birthday cake from here and it was a decadent delight.
The  good: wonderful restaurant,  the food is  delicious.
First you go through an exceptionally large and diverse fruit and produce department.
Much bigger, better and varied than at whole foods, harris teeters or publix.
Plus there are all sorts of fruits and veggies i've never heard of or have ever seen.
I didn't walk down the center of the store as i was anxious to get to the food court.
They have fresh vegetables,fruits, nuts,  grounded almond butter, and a great deli.
My #1 spot to buy healthy foods with a great deal.
I would say it is a food 4 less for whole foods.
This place reminded me of trader joes or whole foods with amazing selections of all sort of foods.
Everything here, i believe, is fresh including the fruit; it means that it's not always going to be super sweet.
This was a very unexpected move for your company,...we expect that from whole foods, but not from you.
We had roasted corn pizza which was delicious.
The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they sell vegetables here too.
Other goodies, roast beef sandwich at the deli, and bulk bin items like chick peas, popcorn kernels, quinoa, and nuts.
They are chock full of wonderful, international delights.
I love the food here.
Authentic food made fresh.
This asian grocery store has a good selection of everything:  hot foods, fresh fish, butcher, produce and more.
But the food is really good, and the english muffins are killer.
We were very happy with the food (it was amazing) and the amount of beer choices!
Lots of fresh veggies and fruits.
I'm from southern california and this is the closest i can get to authentic mexican food in charlotte.
I'm not much of a beer drinker but the gluten free nickel brook is a delicious choice.
They have a bistro there offering sandwiches and other food to go.
Also offers a whole aisle dedicated to natural and organic snacks and food.
Heinen's is already known as cleveland's source for fine food, but this store goes above and beyond.
But here, you can get all sorts of prepared food, gourmet food, organic food, produce, wine, and more.
The food is excellent.
It's a foodie paradise.
When you visit atlas, you are greeted at the door by the delicious smell of roasting meats.
Food, festivities and funky vibes check desoto market out!
I've had it with fries and with a mix of vegetables, which appeared steamed.
There's also an area with ready-made foods packed in plastic to-go boxes.
Further into it, there are a large number of non-food items such as shirts, scented candles, specialty soaps, books, etc.
Not sure why i was craving street food, but i'm glad i was.
By this point i was aware this was going to be on of my better street food purchases.
The taco shells are delicious and cooked so well.
Bring a fat wallet and a taste for fine food and you won't be disappointed.
Whole foods,   your convenient location can claim one of these five stars.
The second star is for your selection and quality of the items in the cold and hot food stations.
Third star is dedicated to your all-star bakery team, who prepare the most exquisite fruit and chocolate tarts.
And, the fifth and final star is for your reason for simply being, whole foods.
Thank you, whole foods : )  victoria
The wings on the other hand were delicious.
Excellent food, friendly staff, great beer selection.
Most importantly, winco has a bulk food section that makes shopping fun!
Whole foods is one of my favorite grocery stores!
They have an awesome selection of different foods, organic foods and fresh meat/seafood.
The seafood is some of the freshest in madison.
I really enjoy their prepared foods section.
Good selection, friendly staff, clean aisles and as mentioned i love the deli section.
I bought their bread and it was delicious.
I also got a turkey sandwich there which was enough for two meals, and was delicious!
Not only a great deli but a great little restaurant too.
I also love the selection of grab and go food items and gourmet snacks.
Hot damn, they're delicious.
Downstairs has seating and a lot of different vendors putting out good food and other stuff.
I've tried a few of their prepared foods and everything is so good.
This catering shop/deli/bottle shop is worthy of a major city.
Fruits and veg: always lookin good, as is true of most whole foods.
Frozen food: relatively few frozen foods available.
Unsure if this is because there aren't as many organic frozen foods as conventional frozen foods.
Prepared foods: hot bar, salad bar, $7.99/lb.
The oatmeal is really good because you can add blueberries, almonds, and dried fruits.
The hot food bar closes about an hour before closing.
Deli: sliced cheeses and meats open until close, rare in many grocery stores!
The house deli meat is very good.
Cannot speak for the other prepared foods behind the deli case.
The fresh meat and vegetables making my mouth water and my tummy happy.
Common ground is comparable to whole foods except on a more local level.
I've used their bulk foods and made my own trail mix many times for camping trips.
Fantastic service, amazing food!
The food is very good and the place seemed very busy with people coming in and out picking up food.
Can't wait to continue with my fit foods.
Too many delicious things that i just have to eat.
Just don't forget the lovely domino foods downstairs in slm.
It also comes with a small side of fruit, usually strawberries and diced apples.
Only their take out / eat in food area.
A really good deal on some very tasty food.
Much better value than the food court in malls or chinese take out / delivery food.
As a caterer, i spend half of my waking hours either in the kitchen or searching for food to cook.
The best international food ever.
Authentic and fresh food.
It's a leafy vegetable that's great in chicken soups, any kind of meat-veggie broth soup really.
From the look of it, you wouldn't expect this to be a sandwich place or a deli.
I will definitely be back and i can't wait to try more of their delicious treats!
It's like a souped up version of a food court only 100 times better.
Amazing food, great atmosphere, lots of delicious alcoholic beverages!
Seafood is fresh and whole.
It's the best of both worlds, competitive traditional foods with availability of exotic items, should you wish to indulge.
They happen to also have a teashop 168, as well as a food court.
The food court is pretty good, my mom gets these deep fried sweet-salty rolls.
I also really like the seafood section.
The food is always fresh and authentic.
The sweet basil sorbet is the perfect marriage of basil and sugar as a frozen delight.
I would skip the normal scrambled eggs, sausage, since you want to get the best quality food for that price!
Oh and tons of delicious high carb bakery items if you're into that.
Excellent food, superior iced tea and a fabulous environment.
Their sandwiches were awwwweeesssommme (much better than that alesci place) and their deli meats were fresh and yummy.
Their meat / seafood case is also top notch.
No need to drive to chinatown or seafood city near unlv to get asian products.
Great food, prices, and amazing staff!
Scrambled eggs breakfast (comes with fruit and toast) with a side of bacon.
And the made-right-there cakes and pastries and tortillas are hot and fresh and delicious.
Any food i've had was good.
It's more of a "i really hope i'm in line to order some food".
This must be where i get my food.
I sit down, exhale, sip my espresso, and dig in to the most delicious and simple breakfast.
A very pretty natural food establishment.
The really nice thing about whole foods is the "whole foods brand."
:)  i also am a big fan of their take-out/deli foods.
I particularly loved the asian salad, mixed fresh fruit, salsa, and varies meats.
If your filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.
Everything was delicious, but she really liked the breakfast sandwich on a jalapeno cheese bagel.
They stock the staples in japanese beverages and snack foods as well.
If you've never had it, it's a sports drink that has a hint of grapefruit.
The grapefruit is so subtle that there is almost no aftertaste.
They also have prepared foods available by an in-house chef.
They're healthy and delicious.
The owner of tokyo has also recently started selling his bentos and sushi in lotus foods in the strip.
It was delicious and i loved it (wrote a more detailed review on their yelp page)!
All that said -- i wish the vendors gave the option of having your food "here" or "to-go".
Please give a "eat here" option, where the customer's food would be served on reusable dishes like at most restaurants.
It was pretty empty in which i like as it did not take long to order or receive our food.
Walked right up to the counter and ordered our food.
The food is amazing.
Very good food all around and great service definitely will be back!
Really good selections of cafeteria style filipino food and reasonable pricing for groceries.
I spotted some rare delicacies available as well for a steal.
It was like unwrapping a present, expecting "just a bar" and finding the world of food in the back.
Such great food, a basic place, no fur-fru types.
Great prices, delicious food... lee is the man!
Not recommended for groups, kids, fru-fru types, foodies, snude-ies or first time toronto visitors.
We were at lgo this morning and as usual had great food and coffee.
A foodie friend brought me here for lunch on a friday.
I found and held the table while my friend waited for the food to come out.
Fresh variety of fish and other seafood in a very popular filipino grocery store.
They have some very nice and unique food items from the middle east and central asia.
Atmosphere, check wifi, check, friendly staff, check timeliness, check delicious, check  you will not be disappointed.
Very well marked ingredient labels for folks with food allergies might make this store my new favorite.
Great food and great atmosphare!
The napolean was delicious as well--a layer of pastry atop four inches of custard and cream.
Different, but equally delicious.
Laid back atmosphere, great music and delicious, healthy food.
The produce, organic and non-organic food is excellent.
The deli with fresh cheeses and meats really packs them in.
The food holds to heinens superior standards.
I love the bulk food section.
Very friendly, clean and great food!
They have several food kiosks/demonstrations/sampling throughout the store.
I had heard about seafood city through facebook feed months ago .
I purchased some  vegetables and meats while  checking out the supermarket   .
However, the cheaper tacos are delicious as well.
This place is so unique and the food and coffee is really good.
This was my second time eating here and both times the food and service have been terrific.
This place has everything, including amazing food.
I took a journey to seafood city to pick up some ahi poke.
I've never been to a tj's before and was so impressed with the customer service, quality food, and great prices.
There are plenty selection of dry fruits and other snacks.
The plus is the deli area.
Gluten-free cinnamon rolls were delicious,  their general selection is larger than compared to other stores.
I get a lot of my fresh seafood there.
I love the dry food items that you can buy in bulk by the pound.
The baklava selection is also very extensive and they are fresh and delicious.
So yesterday 1/25 i ordered fries and waited well over 30 mins for them to be delivered to me upstairs.
Looking forward for all the seasonal fruits and organic vegetables!
Add in the delicious menu packed full of well rounded salads, soups and sammys and you've got a solid experience.
Ahhhhh whole foods market.
I have never been to a 365 before, just the traditional whole foods.
Their make to order bar, hot foods bar and the produce section are awesome with an extra side of sauce.
If you love whole foods then you'll love this mini-version.
They offer fresh vegetables and a pretty decent selection of meat for whatever you're planning on preparing.
Pretty small and jam packed whole foods, but it's a whole foods and i've missed whole foods.
From their deli and food bar i must get  their japanese tofu and cucumber sesame noodles.
All in all, nice little whole foods.
Whatever you choose it will be delicious!!
Everything here is always fresh and delicious.
Wonderful food cooked and served by the nicest sweetest lady ever!
She helped our family - some newbies to ethiopian food- pick out just the right dishes.
I love stopping by for some food and drink while getting some work done on the free wifi.
I love the fresh foods section and meals to go.
I am also impressed with their healthy food selection.
The deli and meat departments are always well staffed and the associates are super nice!
The fruit here is very fresh and the fact that there is a starbucks inside is pretty awesome!
They also have a wonderful selection of foreign foods.
Everyone is so helpful and the food is fantastic and love the text messages with helpful hints.
We had my daughter's birthday cake made there and it was wonderfully done and delicious!
I like that the fruits and vegies are cheap and look really good.
I was searching for online grocery delivery in pitt, and stumbled across lisa's business.
For starters, i wish they had more of the deli selections that i like.
I want food when i go to the grocery store...not a new patio set.
Head to the left towards that smell of stewed meats, seafood salads, sweet stuff, and salsas.
Start at the first tray in the long cases of food and try a different one each visit.
All the salads i've gotten on the menu are tasty and their pizzas are delicious.
Friendly staff, quality groceries and good convenience foods.
Best place to buy meats and sea food.
The food selection here is really nice as well.
This time around, i only tried to the frozen crab balls, and they were delicious!
But in the meantime, try out the crab balls in the frozen food section.
Like most of the tau locations, this supermarket has a wide variety of natural, organic, & health related foods/products.
To eat filipino food, get filipino supplies, cook it filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food.
"balut" or the well-known filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.
The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.
Food diversified and tastes great.
If you're local, they have butcher, deli, wine and beer shop all in one.
Fruits and vegetables are quite fresh and prices are very good.
Food at kitchen is tastier than i expected.
I can't express my love of the relaxed atmosphere, amazing food, and adorable merch at this hot spot.
Bought a deli sandwich (kobe roast beef) w/cheese last night.
Terrific bulk food section has everything we want to buy and at great prices.
The taste of the food is mouth watering and delicious.
Loved the food stands out serving fishballs on sticks.
The store is a very cute family-owned italian shop that sells many speciality items and foods.
I get my weekly groceries  staples here: salad, veggies/fruits, meats etc.
Whole foods is expensive but quite yummy and fresh so you can't get too mad about it.
Usually busy, this whole foods is filled with helpful (and sometimes quite attractive) staff.
If you're a night owl like me, you probably get random food cravings at odd hours of the night.
This is a fun place to go for good food and relaxation!
The delicious homemade english muffins are also sold in a bag so you can take them home and enjoy them.
The service isn't super great, i gave it 4 stars mainly because of the food.
I get it with egg whites and avocado and it is delicious!
Food: if you're breakfasting here, the commuter is incredible!
I love the earthy/granola feel this grocery/restaurant/deli/random knick knack store has!
You go in and it's crowded with merchandise you can buy, random groceries, and people in line to order food.
They also have a delicious selection of desserts!
It's like a food court for foodies.
The person who takes your order makes your food right in front of you.
We tried something from every vendor and absolutely everything was delicious!
A large vegetable section, meat counter, fish....everything is here.
Definitely the winner of all the food items there is the baklava, this i took home in a box.
Expect delicious exotic meals, with great service and good prices.
Great patio, music and food in central phoenix.
I love the selection of foods here, it's perfect for s group of friends who might all have different taste.
The staff was really friendly the food that they provided was all in house made and really good.
First visit... great food!!!!!
The food is made fresh and did not take long.
The food was outstanding.
Fresh product meats and seafood!
Deli desserts and viet sammies!
They prepare your food as soon as you order it was not a lengthy wait.
Their desserts are delicious!
), market vegetables-(red peppers, onions, spinach and yellow cauliflower.
The guys at the deli counter recognize me and greet me when i arrive.
It's such a hidden gem for wine/beer/groceries/vegan buys/deli!
Deli: the deli is delicious!
(if you're not a coffee snob you'll prob like it)  market: fridge of prepared foods, chicken salad, sandwiches, cheese etc.
It's a beautiful store with high quality food, and you know what?
Even people who don't have a lot of money should be able to eat better quality food!
Our food was delicious.
They were homemade pickles, breaded with crunchy panko crumbs and served with a delicious creamy ranch dressing.
It has covered parking, the quickest lines, and a wide variety of food stations.
I had the bizness - david's special salad which was hearty and delicious.
Great prepared food, great meat.
Great food, great service and great catering.
I love the interesting fruits, veggies, seafood, and meats that are here.
Food & produce selection is decent, but being further from home, i've never bought any at this location.
Also scored my choc chz cake from heather foods and i've never seen this vegantoona by sophie's kitchen.
Quality of food and produce is second to none.
Prepared foods are outstanding.
They have a full dairy case and frozen seafood.
There's also a small food court that sells the usual - pinoy bbq, fried fish, chicharon bulaklak, etc.
- again, very clean, but i have not tried the food, so i don't know if it's any good.
Service can be hit or miss, but the food is usually pretty good.
On the other end, the deli was kind of a hot mess yesterday to say the least.
Fruit and vegetable are fresh and price is good.
Compared to grand asia, g-mart have more choice for asian food.
They've got a lot of vegetables that i haven't seen since moving from los angeles here.
It's a mix of asian food.
When you walk in, on the left has the typical filipino food fair, including the deli.
Had their catered food multiple times and have also eaten in.
Trust me, im from pakistan and can tell you this is authentic pakistani food.
The store is being upgraded and they've added sushi at the deli so i'm all good with this place.
They really look the same, but they come in a bag and are simply delicious.
Such rich and complex flavors and an interesting combination of savory and sweet, just absolutely delicious.
Love shopping here mainly for fresh fruits and vegetables.
They also have many many different nationality foods so oftentimes makes a one stop shop.
No more long drive to seafood city.
They also have a fast food  and a bakeshop that will open soon.
Lots of fruit and vegetables as well as every type of food that you could want or imagine.
There buttery and delicious.
I went here with a friend of mine who has celiac's disease, so she can't eat wheat based foods.
I'm not the biggest fan of the prepared foods but, sometimes i can find a dish that's pretty tasty though.
This store is well maintained and kept clean,  features: vegetable, meats, seafood, dairy, frozen food, snacks, hot foods, bakery departments.
They are really beginning to build their organic and all-natural line of food a lot.
They're also starting to offer a lot of gluten-free foods.
Sometimes i'll go to whole foods or woodmans if i'm in those areas.
It's so delicious, everything from the cake bombs to cannoli to cookies is too notch!
The food and everything else doesn't get more authentic than this place.
I personally had a torta de carne asada, tongue tacos, and tacos al pastor which were all delicious.
The service is always fantastic and the food available is amazing.
Not only great healthy food but awesome customer service.
Besides the food, i love checking out their collection of nick-nacks and the old school candy collection.
Lgo grocery is just a fun, laid back place to get some great food.
The fact that there were multiple food stations to choose from it's really nice.
I look forward to trying some of the other food stations.
Yeah, that makes sense for a seafood place!
I'm not a super huge seafood person, but i was getting stuff for a bbq.
This is a great, clean seafood joint that surprisingly doesn't smell fishy!
Bean burger & blt were delicious and very satisfying.
Reasonably priced and high quality from staff to food.
A great destination for foodies, desoto central market offers a lot of variety for a bargain price.
Awesome deli & salad bar.
Friendly staff, great selection of vegetables and organic produce.
I feel like the place is a lot more organized now...especially the display of food.
The pizza's are absolutely delicious and the service was so friendly!!!
The buffet is greatly priced for the amazing quality of food they have.
Veggies and fruit here our hit and miss as far as freshness.
Came here to try the filipino food in their restaurant in this grocery store.
The baklava were sweet, flakey and delicious.
You'll find a festive atmosphere in the hot foods section, the huge produce area, and the rest of the market.
The food was every bit as good as it looked and worth every penny.
This is seriously a food-4-less on steroids.
Like every grocery store, they have a produce and frozen food section, deli, bakery and everything in between.
The reason i don't give it 5 stars was because i saw some fruit that looked a bit suspect.
The vegetables looked fresh though.
Also, non-food items (body wash, shampoo, baby products, etc) are cheaper at target or walmart.
Almost always have wild caught fish plus sales on seafood & meat.
Nice deli with good variety of items.
You don't have to like natural and healthy foods to shop there, though it doesn't hurt to.
The best ethiopian food this side of addis abba!
They sell ingredients for ethiopian food, dvds, soda, exotic spices, and kitchen gadgets to make your flat bread on.
The food was heavily spiced, and delicious.
The beans had a delicious smoky flavor, and the cabbage had some sort of yellow hot spice on them.
A great little neighborhood deli/grocery.
It's really big, has lots of interesting fruits and veggies and has a really cool cheese counter area.
Great place to get deli hans & cheeses  key she was very outgoing and efficient.
Chef greg at the bistro station makes better food than most high quality restaurants at a fraction of the price.
So many delicious things.
The pizzas are delicious.
You hit the vegetables first and they had a little selection but fresh for an asian market.
It's like a fancy food court.
Then most of us went to the southern food stand.
I especially enjoyed my moscow mule variant (forget the name) which was delicious.
The $5 cocktail special was a pineapple cucumber mojito, which was delicious and did not skimp on the alcohol.
I also had a 1928 cocktail, which sounded delicious but was just okay.
Overall we had a great time and really enjoyed our food.
Food is good, great selection, servers are always friendly.
Everything i tried is delicious.
The vegetables are fresh enough that sometimes you will be greeted by a grubby when you are washing them.
Other alternatives are seafood city (maryland pkwy and flamingo), 168 market, international market (trop/decatur), and ranch 99.
But i also like their prepared deli foods (spanakopita, salads,) the salad bars, and the bakery.
My favorite $5.00 lunch special is a nice chunk of spinach pie from the deli, and an iced tea.
And the whole foods equivalent of three-buck chuck, which i've found to be tasty..
And don't go through the prepared-food section if you're hungry because it will be impossible to leave without buying something.
All the prepared sandwiches, pastas, soups and pastries look and smell delicious and i have never been disappointed eating there.
They have some of the best fruit and vegetables.
We went in there with a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food.
The essence and delicate fragrance soothes one's spirit.
There is every kind of caribbean sodas and my food was hot and didn't take long to get my food.
It's hard to find a store like this with so much natural products & foods.
I ordered a salad to go and it was delicious!
The portions are huge and the food is overall, great!
The exceptional quality of their food reflects in the delicate way that the employees stock their food.
Their fresh veggies were so beautiful and delicious and inexpensive.
There is a great selection of unique foods, wines and gift items.
I ordered the gladiator pizza - very, very delicious - especially the crust which had a slightly chewy, sourdough taste.
The cakes they offer are delicious.
This bulk section is cheaper than the one at whole foods too.
Just a note: all natural, organic food is currently more expensive than traditional foods.
You can also look up the dirty dozen foods on ewg.org which lists what produce is susceptible to absorbing pesticides.
We were greeted by the sweet smile of the proprietor & cook of this delightful place.
The food was excellent.
This is a filipino market, so it's of course a great place for seafood!
They also offer a variety of grilled meats and typical filipino food, but i haven't tried that part.
Also great for fresh fruit, produce and other grocery items.
It's an asian food store that's pretty tiny but they've got your essentials and even a bit more!
My favorite part is their ready made food and bento boxes.
We had a jewish deli (art's) on ventura blvd.
They only do buffet on sundays so as not to have to serve, you know, buffet food.
The food is just killer.
The food was incredible...seriously.
I also had the orange juice, which was very fresh and very delicious and the french pancakes a.k.a.
The fresh fruit is strawberries which are very fresh and it goes well with the creme fraiche.
I frequent to this place to buy ingredients whenever i feel like cooking filipino food.
Seafood city is a pretty good place to shop.
Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what i see.
Onto the bad thing about seafood city.
Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at seafood city.
The seafood department is lacking.
Everything that i have had here is always very fresh tasting and delish!
All kinds of mexican food that u will be looking for all in one place.
The quality of food is amazing and the store is super clean!
They have all the basic produce, fruits, vegetables, milk, eggs, breads, and snacks.
They even have sushi, salad bar, cheeses, alcohol, hot foods, and a full kitchen and restaurant.
I have had some of the food from the restaurant portion.
Drink delicious apple cider and eat phenomenal apple donuts.
Earthfare is a great place for getting healthy food items.
I've been here multiple times with my friends and family and love trying there great variety of food.
And mmmhmm it's delicious.
After the initial shit show as you walk in to order, the food is fantastic.
The food was extremely fresh and the employees were very helpful.
Beautiful bakery with delicious cakes, desserts, sweet buns, donuts and then some.
We drive around the neighborhood  and are delighted to see that kitchen table is open.
The produce is reasonable priced, however everything else (drinks/boxed foods) are a little more pricey.
We had a couple different beers- the koffee kolsch was absolutely delish!!!
Super cool market with many different food and beverage options to chose from
But, instead i walked into a delightful sandwich/restaurant which some tasty options from a real kitchen.
La grande orange - thanks for saving me from the drudgery of fast food.
They used to have a little clothing store but with the new renovations it's strictly foods!
There is a drink, and a food item for everyone from every age and walk of life.
Overall it's a nice place to get fast fresh food and a nice ambiance to have lunch in.
They also have home delivery!
The quality of the food and service at buehler's is second to none.
The patio was nice and food was good.
If you are gluten intolerant, then you probably find safe food to eat and stick with it.
They guy at the deli did say that many of the recipes have changed.
Still love and plan to shop there but will avoid the deli.
Seriously some of the best food to the most friendly and helpful staff.
What a great place to shop for fresh/organic foods, herbs, vitamins and produce and meats!
$2.99 the deli will make you a fresh deli/veggie sandwich to order.
It's large - you can get food and other regular target items.
The vegetable section you have to bag your own stuff, but hey i'm cool with that.
What did i do to you to be so tortured by this delightful food!!
It was fresh, and delicious.
A passion fruit one and a green tea.
It's got everything i will ever need from fresh produce to all kinds of other food.
So clean, convenient, and delicious!
Real food done real well!
Great food, entertaining atmosphere, couldn't ask for more
I love this place and all the delicious fresh food, but i can barely afford any of it!
Chef patrick definitely puts his heart in his food.
It's sort of like a wholefoods "lite" but also unique in it's own way.
This is my 2nd goto store for organic and local food items!
Great food, great service.
The food is great.
You have to bag the groceries yourself, kind of like "food 4 less," except the groceries actually cost less.
Great prices on food and a friendly staff.
The pork chops were out of this world, fork tender, meaty and delicious.
This is a great place to pick-up a freshly made deli sandwich.
The sandwiches are always fresh and delicious.
The bento boxes are delicious and inexpensive.
Whole foods without hiking the prices.
We rescheduled the delivery for the next day and they didn't show up again.
I am pleased with the deli, bakery, seafood, and other departments at this store.
So, they made a whole new fruit tart for me while i completed my other shopping.
The kitchen is state of the art, the instructor was knowledge and the dish was delicious.
From shop for babies food until tamales hunting or just buying fresh flowers for co-worker birthday.
Walter is a true character, and is very passionate about good food.
I told him his food was amazing and he said "no, not amazing.
People are just used to bad food."
Here's a full review of one of my visits: http://forkvsfood.com/?p=126
There is so much food here and so many options!
Try everything once, the korean food is authentic!
The five stars is for the seafood section, it's incredible.
3) don't buy the produce here if you can get it at a supermarket like giant eagle or whole foods.
Awesome food, awesome wine selection and a breath of fresh air in a small place like belmont.
Definitely one of my favorite choices for food!
From the bulk food section to the variety of brands to the employees and service.
The food was outstanding and it was a very positive experience.
The food is excellent!
Nice whole foods, friendly staff.
Its nice to find real organic food in the city.
Love this place, the food and the service!
Gotta love sprouts' selection of organic fruits/veggies as well as their fantastic prices!
Their artisan sourdough bread is also super delicious.
So many choices - all delicious!
The food was absolutely delicious and filling.
A few freezer cases were stocked with frozen vegetables, goat meat, and other products that are common in african meals.
I do love the deli addition.
They have a tone of stuff, the store is pretty clean & the food is well priced.
So many tropical & exotic fruits & veggies.
Last night was my first time here and it was delicious!!
The pizza was so flavorful and simply delicious!
Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood.
Amazing desserts, delicious homemade english muffins (can't go wrong with the commuter sandwich w/ avocado and bacon).
The food is amazing .
They've got a variety of healthy and delicious options.
:-)  i would like to start with the food, after all, that is what yelp is actually for, right?
Order on this side, pickup food on that side, come back to this side to get dessert.
Delicious fresh sushi, fruit always available for kids while shopping, very friendly staff, and super customer service.
See pics of the food.
Love the casual atmosphere and light food, great coffees
The deli seems to be very slow even when not busy but staff are nice
I had a project upstairs from this store and i absolutely loved that this grocery/deli was downstairs.
Another section with the hot foods so that you can order and go.
Ok so now that i talked about the food thats already cooked.
Pick 'n save has started purchasing kroger's line of food.
They also have a huge pastry and ready made food section.
Ocean's fresh food market is located inside shoppers world brampton.
The fish is consistently fresh and delicious.
The calamari salad is also delicious.
Terrific food, service is so so and just depends who you get.
This is a great place to get healthy, organic foods!
So, my only recommendation to make this 5-stars would be to have hot food options.
Great selection of fish/meats and a deli/restaurant too located on the southwest of las vegas-two other stores opening soon!
Commuter sandwich is delicious.
The staff is great, and you can always call ahead to order something from the deli - very convenient.
Don't miss the tasty pretzels which are delivered weekly by a local baker - so, so yummy.
And the seafood department always has the fish you want--with the heads still on--at really good prices.
There are also chow king and jollibee franchises inside for your filipino fast food fix.
Anyway, if this stretch of maryland parkway is las vegas' little manila, then seafood city is the capitol.
There's a hot food table, fresh sushi table, bakery, halal meat, deli, etc.
My kids love the indian food buffet section (you pay by weight of the plate).
The food we ordered came out hot and quick and tasted awesome.
They even have a small yet great selection of international offerings, gourmet cheese and specialty food ingredients.
Radish also has great salads and there are a few other selections for food options as well.
Really enjoyed the food here.
Great food options as well, which makes dinner and a movie a great idea and very convenient.
Best italian food in valley!!!
I used to think whole foods was the most upscale grocery store out there.
Great produce, nice selection of unique beer and wine, delicious meats.
Aj's serves china mist tea, which is surely delicious.
The food was superb!
Everything was fresh, delicious and eye appealing.
Next, the vendors are dynamic in style but all offer delectable food.
Excellent selection of organic and odd foods.
Super reasonable prices and the food is so good.
They also carry a lot of fresh filipino vegetables that you can't find anywhere at regular grocery stores.
It was the most delicious quiche i have ever tasted!
I love the european style bread, and whole foods makes them just so perfect and delicious.
Best possible grocery store you could shop in to get great prices and perfect, yummy food!!!!
The produce and especially the frozen food section has such an abundance and selection of great food products!
The deli is awesome and the food is fresh.
P.s try the montreal smoked meat sandwich from the deli!
They have great items for breakfast, lunch and dinner and their pizza is delicious!!!
Belle sélection de fruit frais et viande.
The deli serves burros, tacos, bbq meats and take away.
I almost cried over their food.
There is an attached shop with baked goods and the salted chocolate chip cookie is delish.
I am a huge fan of authentic mexican food.
Today for lunch had the taco asada and side of rice and beans delicious.
If you want food that's cooked and ready to go before you even order, this isn't your restaurant.
Bought ma'mool and baklava including side dishes but was a little disappointed on the hot food;over salted.
I love the store considering it's clean and have so much variety of different foods.
I like to think of trader joe's as a "specialty food/health market."
The haircot verts (french green beans) are simply delicious!
Their cheese selection is delightful with almost any kind of cheese imaginable!
The food so good
Delicious subs made with hot or sweet peppers.
Great deli and fresh italian bread is the best!
I like the chopped fruit.
I can buy cut fruit inexpensively.
The fruit has always lasted as long as it should add has been good.
The deli section is my favorite section of the store.
I also like the shredded chicken in the deli.
This is a great place for shopping natural, healthy and organic food.
We've been there for the hot food and the frozen foods as well as ordered a cake.
Save yourself the heartburn of crappy arena food and eat great at longo's before the game.
Our food always comes out super fast, and taste great!
Then they kept going and talking about how good the food was.
Always the freshest food and the best customer service.
I will only shop here for my meat and vegetables... baba booey
We ordered and it didn't take long for our food to come out.
He loved the passion fruit gose the most.
I'm a big fan of seafood and asian foods.
They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make asian food.
We love all of the food and the prices!!!
Someday i will, until then i will go for the fruits,veggies and overall awesome meat choices!
It is small and the grocery items and menu aren't extensive, but my sandwich and salad were delicious.
Huge produce and bulk foods section.
They have best pre-cut fruit bowls too.
The food quality, the portions, the freshness, even more spacious than other places with great value.
Not heaps on offer in regards to convenience items but for food and sweets it's great.
Nice selections of fresh vegetables and seafood.
High rating is for it being clean and organized, along with the fabulous selection of organic produce and health foods.
Better priced than most health food stores and almost the same selection.
Really tasty food and service was great!
The owner is so nice and you will see him sitting in the front of the store, slicing vegetables.
Don't feel scared walking in, embrace the lovely smell of fish and exotic fruits.
Bite has an amazing array of gourmet food.
Will have to come back and try their food next time.
If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
Expect good prices on good food, everyday.
Foods, you best be hitting up a farmer's market or getting on a car/bus elsewhere.
But i like their food court where there's very good bakery by the hong kong bakers.
The dim sum and korean food are very good.
The bulk foods are great and no membership fee.. lots of variety on ethnic foods.
This place reminds me of the whole foods stores.
On the cold side, there were about four fruit options.
I ended up with scrambled eggs, oatmeal, and fruit.
Also frozen food to go and lots of snack options if you want to pick something up.
They are a full grocery store, in-store starbucks, service deli and restaurant.
We will definitely be back:  outstanding service and great food.
Who wants to look forward to their food only to be told 'oh, out of that".
Do i have to stand and wait for my food or will someone bring it to me?
Even then name is huge :p  foodie- if you cant find it , it dosent exist.
The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was nice and the food was outstanding!
Food is delicious fresh!!
It's a sister restaurant to chelsea's kitchen - so do you know what that means - delicious kale salad!
I ordered the roasted corn pizza, delicious!
My food was ready almost immediately so i grabbed my plate and we sat next door in the pizzeria.
It is more a tiny ge market district with more foodie/uniques and specialty grocery items.
Loved the salad bar with its extensive hot and cold food selections.
The food was wonderful.
I especially loved every single part of the veggie sampler, although everything we'd ordered was delicious.
There is a variety of delicious, well prepared food.
The prices are pretty moderate, but the food quality is excellent.
Bright and spacious inside, with plenty to drool over, both on the shelves and from the deli.
Complete with all the hipster food options.
I enjoy the free cup of coffee and their deli.
I believe this is a delivery location for pre-ordered meats, eggs, vegetables through www.golocalncfarms.com.
This is definitely a hidden gem for mexican food lovers.
But the food and experience is about as authentic as you can get.
The meats are usually lower priced than other grocery stores and the seafood section is unbelievable.
The only place in toronto we can find all kind of indian food.
I went to the cashier, and she said i should have weighed it at the live seafood bar.
I loved their selection and really appreciated the gluten free and specialty food sections.
At the very back they have a small "restaurant" with many options of food, dessert and drinks.
I had steak tacos and passion fruit juice and both were amazing.
Their taco shell is so delicious, authentic and the type you cannot find anywhere easily.
Food came up quickly and everything was tasty.
Plus plus the deli, butcher, and bakery is legit.
They dont have super hippie food, like i dunno quinoa or bee pollen.
They serve food to the order and they sell kim bab trays.
It's cheap and delicious (just bring it home and cook it up).
The food is legit!
Their food has helped my body increase its lean muscle and i couldn't be happier!
I loved the huge selection of seafood and meats.
The good - food, shopping for worthless  tchotchkes, nice patio, dog friendly.
The to-go ordering is really efficient and delicious.
The two kitchens (one for food, and one for pastries) were busy- i hope we weren't much of an intrusion!
Our coffees were barely warm, and a minute or two more of waiting, our food would've been cold, as well.
T&t price wise is eclipsed by foody mart and tone tai.
There's rarely seating in the t&t's small food court area but you're steps away from the mall's food court proper.
Where to pay for the take out food is a little confusing, however.
Overall, i would recommend bronze cafe to anyone who is down for a delicious and nutritious meal.
I've found some of my childhood memory food (taiwan)here !!
Veggies and fruits from all over the world !!!
The food court has a spanish bakery and a korean and chinese(taiwanese) food, oh and they have bubble tea!
When in earthfare the other day, i had the mop man chase me down while i was picking fruit.
As far as service and food, excellent.
I only buy fruit, veggies, chicken wings, and tate's cookies here, but all excellent.
Pacific fresh foods is not a restaurant, but a grocery store, so some of yelp's questions are not applicable.
And i daresay, it's a nice to have organic foods moving in just outside of downtown.
It means we can spread a sustainable food culture just a wee bit further.
As is the case with any organic food, the price points are higher than your average grocery store.
Turns out there's some truth to processed foods having very little nutrition.
Excellent service and some really good food here.
They have all sorts of unique food items you won't find at a traditional grocery store.
All of this is displayed very deliberately to tantalize you, and drain your wallet.
They have awesome food at the café and baked goods to take home.
I had the ruben and it was delicious.
Stick with the breakfast food!
You order your breakfast and pay at the other counter and tuck into your food.
The food was great for the prices .
The food was delicious .
There is a mini whole foods inside the store.
The fruit and veggie section is gorgeous too!
My family has health issues requiring particular types of foods that can be challenging to find in other neighborhood stores.
Food was pretty good but nothing wonderfully outstanding.
I got some fresh orange juice, oatmeal, and fruits.
The delicious gourmet sandwiches and fresh salads were a big hit at my daughter's birthday party!
Much care was put into the preparation, delivery, display and preservation of the food.
Good eggs, delicious bacon and low prices.
It's a calm delight that's a nice break from the hustle and bustle of downtown.
Great alternative to seafood city!
Prices are about the same as seafood city.
One of the few places that serves real healthy food.
I am grateful that there is a whole foods in my neighbourhood.
They are so fresh, loaded with fresh fruits and taste so good.
Meat pies are quite delicious as well.
I can't stand a dirty store because, who wants to get food poisoning or bacteria?
Selection...  this place has a decent selection of wine and organic products and produce and deli and whatever else.
A little yuppy for my taste, but i like the same foods yuppies eat, so i have no choice.
Over on the deli side...they had bresaola!!!
Great service, great deli and great gelato.
They have a wide array of healthy, natural food, vitamins, and protein supplements.
Deli and bakery to die for.
Mega-kudos to staff and management for continually delivering the best in attitude.
Had the cubano panini and it was delicious!
Great value and incredible food.
Their baked goods from breakfast to desserts all looked delicious and unique.
Not only is their food top notch, the environment keeps me coming back.
This place makes such great food and the store is fun to shop in while you wait.
Salad bar, deli and prepared foods-amazing!!
Everytime i come here i spend at least that much on their specials, fresh fruit or premade meals.
The only way to get better homemade mexican food is to have your very own nana named rosa!
Just after the first of the year my other half found our she has a ton of food allergies.
A huge bin of the same type of organic spinach sold at whole foods for half price?
I know,  i know i should just shut up and go to whole foods..
I don't buy many packaged/processed foods, but it seemed like they had a fair amount of them here.
Top place in montreal fresh food and the hospitality is worth every penny!
They have delicious lu type cookies (chocolate slab on a cookie) that are phenomenal.
One of my favourite places to have persian food!
They have food, toiletries, clothes and furniture.
I have been there a number of times and to this day, it amazes how fast the food is served.
I always get the saffron rice with the vegetable kabob.
Great food and fun little store filled with all the hipster goods your heart desires.
The gelato is delicious as well.
I recently moved to phoenix and was delighted to find this place in my new neighborhood.
The food here is always so fresh and healthy.
I've only dined at this location for a quick deli experience.
However you can grab some of their many delicious salads as a side.
I haven't yet had their food, but look forward to checking out the menu soon.
The food was delicious and fresh and fast!
It is authentic mexican food.
The kind of food that is hard to get unless you are in mexico!
Yum, loved the food here.
Tip: you don't need a membership to buy hot food.
Consistently great food... try the hot wings, gelato, & cheese pizza
It's the largest indian food aisle of spices i have ever seen.
They have a really good selection of fresh food too.
I haven't tried the pizza yet but based on the food i have tried, i'm sure i would like it.
I enjoy looking at the selection while i wait on food or decide what to eat.
And although the food is moderately priced, the souvenirs, books, candles, etc.
I think the place should price their items so that it is more on the level of their food pricing.
But at least the food is awesome!
Young man at deli counter, and woman from bakery go above and beyond.
The salad bar and hot food station have great selection and food is pretty good.
The staff here is so friendly from the produce to the meat/seafood counter to the cashiers.
I love the atmosphere, the food (especially the treats!
Their hot food section is top notch, pizza , hot sandwiches, soup.
The exceptional quality of their food reflects in the delicate way that the employees stock their food.
Their fresh veggies were so beautiful and delicious and inexpensive.
Delicious coffee, great food and an incredible atmosphere.
It's a little pricy for the amount of food you get but i think it's worth it.
The quality of food is untouchable!
Preparing healthy food is muy expensive.
The food is a mix of pakistani and afghani cuisine, reasonably priced and above all absolutely delicious!
Trader joe's is one those ubiquitous food retailers that we cannot get enough.
All were delicious and highly recommended.
The food was expertly prepared and graciously served.
It doesn't have a great selection of veggies and fruits but enough.
They also have a good selection of italian bakery items and deli stuff (including self serve) here.
Awesome vibe, every kind of food you could want.
And i've had a lot of different deli tuna salad sandwiches.
There was a great selection and variety of fresh vegetables which were well priced.
The food is pretty good, especially the cheeses:) the cold brew is also pretty good most of the time.
During the day, you order in the grocery store, find a table, and wait for your food to be served.
Plus their kibbeh were delicious.
Lots of parking and a starbucks right in the entrance plus lots of hot deli food.
It's nice they have a pharmacy zane also a huge selection of food items.
It's a great korean store with many variety of foods from different countries.
They also, have 'american' food.
It has a wide collection of vegetables, fruits, meat, dairy, cereals, grains etc.
The food is outstanding and fresh.
Pasta is delicious and sauces are fresh.
The vegan options are delicious and there are so many to choose from.
As a grocery store oceans is worth 5 stars, their vegetables and fresh and inexpensive, and so is their chicken.
As a chinese food restaurant i'd say they're worth 3 or 4 stars depending on what you get.
This place has more than a mere deli counter could possibly provide.
I ordered 5 different items and all were absolutely delicious.
And i'd rather eat here at la grande orange than 120 year old katz deli on the lower east side.
Their staff is friendly and the bakery makes some delicious donuts.
People with dietary restrictions and health preferences can find all prepared foods labeled in detail (and organic ingredients clearly indicated).
A special shout-out to my deli favorites: forbidden rice salad, cajun spiced tofu, asian-baked tofu, and sesame noodles.
With the food for all program and expansion, this place gets a much-needed review update of 5+++ stars.
The food is good.
The food was good quality, but a little on the pricey side.
Plus, the produce and seafood is some of the best in the city.
Coffee and tea are also delish.
I said no i'm ok with the fruits, but that was very nice!
They have a great deli.
If you want a quick, delicious and fairly cheap sandwich, they're perfect for that.
But the food is good.
They also have great choice of asian types of fruits and vegetables; and the price is great.
However i find myself holding my nose while walking by the seafood section, the fish doesn't seem fresh.
They have the best jamaican food in glendale!
Big plates priced very good for all the food they give you.
It's small, but the salad bar is fresh and exciting, and their soup/deli/bistro selection is top-knotch.
Gluten free can taste delicious!
The food is freaking delicious.
So delicious, filling, and healthy.
You have a variety of organic/glutten free/cholesterol free foods.
Cheaper than whole foods.
Food is beautiful-good and mr. phx lays down some of the dopest sounds!
The wine prices are crazy cheap, and the food selection is amazing of course.
If you are looking for some quick delicious tacos on the north side check them out!
Selection of organic and specialty food items was good at this loblaws, if you are into that kind of thing.
There are many different prepared food themed stations, such as a juice bar, a sushi bar and a wine bar.
While at first glance, you might find it similar to compare foods, it seems a lot larger.
Fruit and veggies are the best in town.
Breakfast here is pretty damn delish!
The english muffin that came with was so soft and delicious!
It has food from all over...
I go often to meet up with friends and enjoy wine and food.
You'll never want to buy your fruits and veggies anywhere else after going here.
Delicious food, the best gelato ever.
Great selection of boars head lunch meat at the deli, and their counter workers are very professional and patient.
Everything was fresh and delicious!
Each of them were delightful!
The food here is simply amazing.
I like to sit at the bar and the bartenders always friendly & delightful.
Having never been to a whole foods before, [i know, i know!]
I was expecting sky high markups for the organic fruits and veg, but was pleasantly surprised.
Finding vegan food this good, 24 hours a day is some kind of vegas miracle.
Even the cookies looked soft, chewy, and delicious.
The food was impeccable, i had a margarita pizza and a chopped turkey salad.
I did a quick walk around and there are plenty of offerings for lots of ethnic foods.
Any deli meat you can think of they have and the red pizza is highly addictive.
This is our favorite place for cheap seafood stock up before our road trip back to slc.
The meat and seafood department is surprisingly amazing!!
No complaints about any of the food i've purchased there--it's all great quality.
They have every italian, some south american and even greek food items you could ever need.
There' s a big deli counter, a bakery replete with tons of cookies, and imported wines.
Greatest persian food in the west coast.
Their food is amazing, great wine and beer selections , great ambiance.
The deli has a new sandwich or salad for everyday and they are always amazing.
I love the bulk section, the vegetarian freezer section, the beautiful swath of produce and the deli counter.
The food, however is what we went for and the food delivered.
Much more fun to go to trader joes than to wholefoods... in my humble opinion.
After writing my first review the customer service management sent a voucher to retry the food.
The food is very good, but what even better are the people.
This store will not disappoint fans of the whole food market.
When h, e & m were little they had to select from certain cereals, fruits, vegetables etc.
In fact, i was and still am suspicious some of the food either spoiled or was tossed.
Well, these people must not have ever been to whole foods because let me tell you...
Their selection of organic fruits and veggies is small but very fresh.
The parking can be a pain and the ordering and picking up of food can be chaotic.
I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.
I also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods.
The breakfast food is spot-on, every time.
The place isn't inexpensive, but you do get a lot of food for your $$$, so it's worth it.
It's always clean, everyone is always nice and the sandwiches are delicious.
I went here for the first time a few days ago and couldn't believe how great the food is.
The sauces are incredibly delicious.
It's a typical whole foods with all the goodies.
The chicken kebab and rice was delicious and the perfect portion size.
I love the atmosphere and the food!!
It's a small grocery store that carries almost a lot of foods and gifts imported from the netherlands.
Here's the difference between fry's and a walmart supercenter:  food quality and customer service.
Everything is organized, with no random food on the floor or freezer doors ajar.
I suppose more people care about food than dog toys, so lets get back to that.
The grapefruit sunrise juice (grapefruit and pomegranate) is also amazing.
So for food and coffee, lgo gets 5 stars.
Great assortment of ethnic foods.
I especially like that they have good meats, including liver which whole foods doesn't have.
They have coconut kefir made from coconut milk, which whole foods doesn't have either.
One of their best features is their reduced priced on perishable foods.
I've notice that fruits and vegetables i buy from fresh and easy tend to expire pretty fast.
I love the selections of fresh fruit, vegetables, fish and wide range of rices.
The workers here are super friendly especially in the deli.
I emailed them to let them know the salad was delicious as usual but sadly missing a couple of things.
Food is good but pricey.
Not because the food isn't great - it is.
Because, well my friends, this is the best food and coffee in a wide area around "arcadia," in phoenix.
The food really is great.
Basically, all the food is pretty amazing.
I just hope they wil have more choices in their vegetable section.
So many good food and drink options.
Fresh bread fresh meats and vegetables every time.
More importantly,  no matter how busy they are, great service and handmade food.
Most items are inexpensive at this place, but some prices are on the high side (double fruit spread it's $5.50).
If you want great food at a quality price than this is the place for you.
I came in for some groceries for dinner and there food just seems fresher than everywhere else.
They always have a free sample of something new everytime i come in and it is always delicious.
Amazing food, and selection.
But sobeys compelled me to go today because they jacked up the cat food by 15 cents!!
Lo and behold food basics had said cat food on sale!!
So i guess i'll be visiting food basics more often!
Lots of fresh fruit and vegetables from all over the world.
Large frozen food selection.
They have a little food court area that the reviews rave about.
They had some good looking dumplings and korean food.
The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is great.
It also has a wider selection of meats and seafood than my grocery store.
Deliciousness - 4/5 happiness - 3/5  this place is really cool.
But what gf baked foods aren't?
Even for it's relatively smaller size they have all the organic produce, vegetables and products that i could ever want.
The best food in town!!!
The food is plated beautifully.
I wish there were more stars i could give the food here!!!!
In addition to all that it was delicious.
As for the food, the sandwich menu is great.
Amazing fresh seafood with an always great selection.
Really a great place, locally sourced foods, and very nice staff.
If you're looking to try persian food, altas is were it's at.
They have consistently delicious food, a good coffee bar, and an all around pleasant space to hang out.
While their food is of good quality, sometimes the price is a bit on the higher side.
Pros- international food haven.
They have authentic & traditional foods representing most countries, and not just asian.
(example: they keep durian close to the door; if you are familiar with this asian fruit, you know it reeks!)
Always has a great selection of food and drink.
The food is really solid.
Everything that they carry is delicious, so i feel confident when i try out new foods.
You get a luxury food experience at seriously reasonable prices when you shop there!
Every cultural food you can think of, then some more.
Healthy food is made affordable and accessible at this cute, bustling little 'grocery' and for that, i thank you, lgo.
Fast-food style atmoshpere, serves delicious tacos.
El charrito also has a little grocery section where you can buy real cinnamon and other mexican delights.
Not as much selection as whole foods but the prices beat them just about on everything.
Everything i've purchased from tj's has been delicious.
It's hard to go back to the deli area & pick just one for lunch!
I have not eaten at lgo very often but when i have i am always pleased with the food there.
If you are there to just take advantage of the free wifi and good food then you won't be disappointed.
The guys from my office and i go to this food city at least 2 times a week.
The food is awesome, señora maria is great.
The havana iced coffee was pretty good and the red velvet was delicious!
For those who have foodshare: yes, they accept it here.
Good one-stop shop: groceries, pet food, bath & beauty products, household products, health products, etc.
I was very impressed with the quality of their food, espresso and cleanliness of their store.
For those seeking quality food at reasonable prices, this place is very hard to beat.
A lot of fresh selection seafood in the back area.
Pretty much every ramen in world from korean,japanese,thai,vietnamese,indo,etc... also have food court area comprised of korean food+vietnamese sandwich/boba tea/chinese food+bakery.
I was delighted to see vegetables, including very large carrots and chinese eggplant, when they cannot be found anywhere else.
My stupid car broke down and i had all my frozen food in my trunk !
While me and mama del waited for aaa, target held my frozen food so it wouldn't expire.
The meat selection and cheese selection in the deli is second to none and their sandwiches are absolutely amazing.
The food is so good!!
Other than that the deli department is good and i really like the floral department as well.
Their produce is on spot, and so is the deli.
The booty even included food -- fresh food.
The best parts of this store are the produce dept and the bulk foods section.
If you are in the area and want to grab food for a picnic this is the perfect place.
And if you are taking food to go there are some plastic utensils that are available.
Love their produce and bulk food section.
The butcher shop and organic food selections is better than your normal grocery store.
This place has an amazing personal, food is so tastefull, delicious, really good.
Quick and pleasant service and wonderful food.
The people and the shoppers are friendly and shopping here is a quick, inexpensive delight.
5 stars for the food/coffee, 1 star for the parking.
If you come from a european background, and are familiar with traditional foods or chocolates.
This is a great place to discover international spices and delicacies.
Even the woman who wanted to buy my groceries with her food stamps in exchange for cash was a sweetheart.
I am visiting from alabama and was not expecting food to be so expensive.
Side of fruit, fresh squeezed o.j.
(clean organic food, fresh, whole grain) i love that the store is small and compact.
The food is super tasty and fresh.
Small restaurant with great food and incredibly friendly service.
G mart has a vast selection of international foods along with delicious snacks!
They do have a good selection of fresh meats and seafood.
Hooray for authentic, good food for when i'm too lazy to cook!
The bibimbap is my favorite, along with this tofu/seafood soup (ya...
G mart sometime carries exotic fruits like dragonfruit, durian, longan, lychee and jackfruit.
For instance, they carry tropical fruits such as dragon fruit.
It goes exquisitely well with seafood and believe it or not, with fruit tarts.
Loyal to frys since i can remember, best prices and never have had a problem with any food!!
I love that they have sales on their fruits and veggies everyday.
So many options for food and food ready to eat.
As for the prepared foods, i was impressed by the variety.
I can walk into any place  and choose the bad looking food and complain but what about the rest?
It also contains a mini restaurant that has really good food at big portions.
Great varieties of asian food.
(yes, they are their own food group.)
From the novelty candies to the delicious dessert case to the kitschy toys to the kitchen items.
Aj's is strictly high-end meat, seafood,cheese, wine, deli, bakery.
The meats and seafood in awesome.
Prime cut usda aged beef, quality seafood..however its pricey.
Food was great and we paid after we ate.
Great selection of fresh seafood.
You can also get a lot of german/european delicacies.
The apple pies are delicious.
The food is good & not too pricey.
I am very picky about my italian food.
There is such an amazing selection of services and foods, that one must visit to fully experience this luxury.
What i really loved was the filipino bbq spot and the filipino crispy food spot located inside.
We were served their delicious freshly squeezed orange juice along with coffee & water.
The woman at lug walked up to me in the food court and was thrilled to have found me.
It's also nice to find foods that open up my eyes, such as crispy baked pea snaps.
They also make wonderful deliveries.
She delivered a box of five (5) macaroons (caramel, chocolate, and strawberry) to my home address a few days ago.
They were absolutely delicious, i was very pleased.
The quality of the food and the taste will definitely have us coming back again when we visit vegas.
It's obvious that staff has a passion for their food.
That's right, it's basically carbonated apple juice, but in a delicious, cold clear way that makes martinelli's weep with jealousy.
Sprouts also has very fresh meat and seafood.
I love f&e, but find their non-food items are a little more expensive than a regular grocery store.
The food is outstanding and fresh.
Pasta is delicious and sauces are fresh.
The food was amazing we first ordered the fried pickles wow.
Have only indulged in their deli sandwiches and was very satisfied!
Up until recently, i'd avoided seafood city because i don't eat seafood.
I'd go to the barnes and noble next door (rip) or eat at jason's deli, but i'd skip the city.
I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had.
The joojeh kabob is so full of delicious flavor.
Because i love smoking hot, spicy food, i don't really find the spicy version of this kebab really hot.
There is also a supermarket with teas and other persian foods.
All are delicious so you cannot go wrong.
Trader joe's is really good to make a quick and delicious meal.
Deli is decent for a quick cheap bite.
I used to drive all the way to whole foods just for kombucha.
So, for vitamins, kombucha, and actual food items, go to sprouts.
Their deli is top notch, with delicious sandwiches.
So on top of great food, they have truly impeccable customer service!
I would really give this place two stars but the food deserves four stars!!!
I wish there was a filipino grocery market like seafood city in denver.
The different variety of foods served here alone makes me miss the philippines even more.
All the food was excellent.
Their food is so fresh and healthy for the most part.
It was one of the most delicious cookies that i have ever tasted.
Excellent deli for sandwiches or cold cuts too.
Did you know safeway has a delicious carrot cake?
Foodies, you will be in heaven here.
Lots of organic and natural food they tell you where their produce comes from bulk products!
And the food is wonderful.
Okay, so pacific fresh food market is more than just chinese bbq, a lot more.
They are pickering's newest international grocery store, with a big focus on asian foods.
This is where you'll find the bbq, dim sum, a wide selection of cooked foods, and a salad bar.
Sure, the food tastes good eventually, but it's not the best experience.
Deli, mini grocery store, bakery, dessert, and coffee/smoothie drinks.
This store has a little bit of everything, from sandwiches to sushi to breakfast food and even crepes.
- red velvet cake: surprisingly moist with delicious cream cheese frosting.
Food took a while to come out, but that was because it was during lunch time.
I was running low on foodstuffs so thought i would check this place out after my classes.
The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments.
I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections.
The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for.
Some might say it's pricey because it is food that you could possibly cook at home.
But i think the quality, attention to detail, and delicious flavours make for good value.
Sprouts is a great place to buy organic, vegan, and gluten free foods.
They do though also have foods and products for those who do eat meat.
Food- commuter sandwich with bacon- i die.
I've never tasted bacon so delicious.
I have been trying to eat healthy lately and my fit foods has really helped my cause.
Plenty of diverse healthy and delicious options.
My only complaint is that my fit foods is a little pricey.
Their produce is fresh and vegetables get misted quite often to keep them juicy and fresh.
Their selection of fish and seafood is alright, but we're in desert, so i understand why it's not outstanding.
They also have deliciously cheap bags of basil and sooo many rice noodles.
The quality of their food is the reason i keep coming back.
Geez, no wonder they are delicious and i love them so.
The food was pretty good...hot, fresh n tasty.
Fantastic dish with delicious flavors, very filling and vegetarian friendly.
The food, the bread, the sausages, the cheese, chocolates,..... everything we sampled there was phenomenal.
Update: pacific has a good selection of ethnic foods, produce, spices, meat and seafood (including shucked fanny bay oysters!).
Other prepared foods are handy for a quick grab and go meal.
There are about 6 to 7 food places you can choose from.
Love this place for both lunch and grabbing a delicious meal for dinner.
Just a warning: the desserts are amazing and the carrot cake and date squares are huge and wickedly delicious.
A bit of madness on a saturday... but it's a cool place with good food.
I tried their ooey-gooey cinnamon roll which was delicious.
Customer service here is excellent, especially in the deli.
Great selection of health foods and organics.
There's also a pharmacy, a bulk foods section, fresh fish, the produce seems fresh.
Every time we travel to cleveland, we stop by alesci's to stock up on italian food.
Our meals were delicious!
I've found ambrosia prices to be a lot cheaper than those of other health food stores.
Authentic italian food 100%.
Super g mart sells a lot of variety of foods from korean, chinese, vietnamese, and more.
Prices are decent and the quality of fresh fruits and veggies are good.
There's a food court near the back which is pretty good to grab some buns or boba.
All the way to the right you have all your vegetables.
All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section.
Super cute place to get upscale picnic fare, or a delicious dessert to take home.
A pound of the fresh and delicious salmon i got from here went a long way.
I rarely buy seafood these days since there wasn't really a good place to get it.
You can find some things here you wouldn't find anywhere else as well as some delicious fresh baked bread.
The la grand orange grocery has an outstanding selection of pastry items which are all delicious.
Tjs is the best, and adam is delightful.
The food is quite fresh and there are some real gems on there.
I highly recommend eva in the deli as she is awesome!
Their turkey fruit and nut salad is amazing!
Nowhere else can i get such out-of-this-world deals on fruit and vegetables.
Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?).
Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
Love all the seafood, snacks, and those bbq chicken skewers.
Great price for seafood deserve my 5 stars.
Fresh produce and they have boars head deli too.
Organic fruits and vegetables are always available.
I just go to whole foods for the other items.
This place is delicious!!
Our pizza... was delicious!
It is a classier chain grocery store, specializing primarily in foods and health items.
They get 4 stars for having such an excellent healthy selection of foods.
They have things like croque-monsieur sammys, soups, baked goods, pizzas, & brunch style foods.
Run by a family, gardens food is a friendly, convenient neighborhood fixture.
The entire process - from the initial order, through editing to delivery was smooth and professional.
Not only did he deliver personally, but he brought along the chef.
So as far as other seafood city markets go, this is a nice clean one.
They are a great asset to our local food banks.
Luckily, they have these things called fruits and vegetables to keep you healthy in-between all the candy devouring.
The food is very good and presented well.
Reasonable priced veggies, fruit, and bulk nuts.
The food is amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Omg blueberry muffin moist delicious best ever took two seconds to eat and needed it to be bigger.
I don't even care what the "things" were, they were delicious!
Seafood city provides you with a lot of asian based food ingredients/ products, majority tending to the filipino items.
The eggs benedict are the ultimate comfort food, and the beignets are addictive.
Do you like fresh, high-quality, cheap, good food!?
No, this grocery store requires one to be less concerned with presentation, but a foodie, nonetheless!
Overall ambiance and experience is a+ and food was super unique.
There were items there i had never seen at a basha's, even though basha's owns food city.
Some incredibly exotic vegetables and fruits etc.
There is also a little restaurant and a bakery on one side, with really tasty foods.
When i asked for it, they said that if they provided it people would stop eating the food.
Wow, what a surprise, they had everything, i didn't plan on buying food here, really stopped in out of curiosity.
Aside from having a great hot food bar and large salad bar.
People are nice, food is great, price is very affordable.
My advice to the owners is: keep up the good work and maintain the food and restaurant quality.
One star downgrade for their food court.the limited items they had looked like its been there awhile.
The specialty cakes are to die for such as the raspberry champagne, just delicious.
And a lot of food is my friend.
I go into whole foods withdrawal when i visit champaign, and this is my stopgap.
Selection of gmo free foods are amazing and the staff is superb!
Frozen food display cases that light up when you walk up to it.
Lots of prepared foods.
Very cool space, not a lot of food options.
Great selection of italian products and the deli meats are fantastic.
The arabic tea is a staple there, they make it fresh and it's delicious.
Il cibo era delizioso!
Seafood selection soooooo much better.
Very good selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Im a regular at the deli and the starbucks counter!
Items like flour, pasta, cereal, candy, peanuts, oats, chips, dried fruit, etc.
I always get mushed stuff when someone else bags it or soap with the food or cracked eggs or something.
The staff is friendly and there is always a great selection of take out food.
For instance this evening, they had a beautiful and mighty delicious lasagna made wth spicy sausage and vodka sauce.
My family and i get our filipino and hawaiian goodies without having to drive all the way to seafood city.
Their food is priced low and you get plenty to eat.
They have a big selection of fresh food.
Also the fruits and vegetables were of the highest quality.
Just got another takeout today, and nile's food is still very tasty and well-prepared.
I could spend only $20 and buy a week worth of vegetables.
Great food, good prices.
All wraps came with delicious fries.
On to the food.
Stroll around while you wait for your food.
On top of meats, you will find seafood, live crabs and even shrimp you can bag yourself!
Fresh spanish food is also sold here.
The strawberry champagne cupcake was still a bit frozen but omg was it delicious.
It even has a nice seating area by the deli where you can purchase sandwiches and coffee.
Whether you're looking for coffee, a cocktail, beer, food, or games.
Thanks to yelp reviews, we are now regulars at this fantastic locally owned deli we wouldn't have otherwise known about.
Their breakfast sandwiches are as delicious as their lunch ones, too.
I've only purchased sandwiches here from the deli.
You walk in, and the small of the deli assaults your senses in a very good way.
You are completely aware that the place sells fresh deli.
Great breakfast food, specifically the commuter sandwich!
They have a huge selection of baby foods, feeding & diapering supplies and even some baby gear.
Their prepared food, like lasagna or stuffed shells is always good, but the sauce is on the sweeter side.
I always go here for the deli.
Reminds me of luci's in uptown phoenix but much more food and beverage options.
The open faced chicken salad sandwich was delicious.
Food came out even quicker.
You hit the vegetables first and they had a little selection but fresh for an asian market.
I love all the sauces that come with your food.
For real, this burger is delicious... onions soaked in wine, cheese, spicy ketchup, tomato.... insanity.
They offer cooked filipino food and they have a lot of asian products that are cheaper than other asian stores.
Great coffee and food.
My fit foods is all about health!
The meals at my fit foods are fresh made daily, clean , low fat, and low carb.
Thanks my fit foods you are a savior for the clean / health conscious eater!
Love grabbing a sandwich in the deli for lunch!
The food tasted good.
The only criticism i have is that they should give a little bit more food.
Wine is delicious as well.
Think a food version of urban outfitters.. super cute ad trendy.
I love shopping here over whole foods and trader joes.
We all lead super busy lives and with that comes the convenience of fast food.
My fit foods solves this problem!
The only down fall is this sometimes means making multiple trips to the my fit foods store.
The food served here is very fresh.
I love to eat the fresh made burritos, carne asada is delicious.
The food is fresh at about 11am, and you really can't go wrong with the giant burritos for $5.99!
I've lived in a few towns with food co-ops and this is one of the better ones i have seen.
The selection is incredible, especially when it comes to bulk items, specialty organic, vegan, gluten free, vegetarian, and natural foods.
This place is like a big food court and each business has it's own specialty food.
Its got a great vibe and the food here is amazing.
The food is fresh and delicious.
So yummy, thank goodness for the food saver.
I never dislike any of the food i get either.
Loved having la grand orange sponsor our phoenix workshop with their delicious pastries!
Not particularly, i just care that they are cheap and the food itself is fresh and clean.
This is a great wholesome healthfood store!
I'm into health foods, and sobey's image is meant for mainstream types.
Their hot food bar can definitely be skipped.
And it's new so you don't get the dull and dingy feeling that food 4 less leaves one with.
Produce: if the item is on the dirty dozen list for pesticides i buy organic at whole foods or vons.
I love whole foods.
And the all rounded deli, ready food.
I love the fruit tarts.
And they have special events where they showcase some food.
Also it opened the new sushi bar and the products are amazing and delicious.
Everything is delicious here!!
For that i'll pay a bit more for better quality at whole foods or smiths.
Bought fresh cut fruit instead $6.99.
If you live in belmont, this should be a regular stop for you if you like good food.
I love this whole food location.
Whole foods is pricey, as we all know, but i actually think it beats my other favorite (i.e.
Their deserts are some of the best in town and their deli is fantastic.
The prepared food is tasty and their salad bar is actually tasty (which is sometime a difficult task).
Also really like that they have a whole area dedicated to organic foods - yay!
Great street food and a market.
Delicious tacos for $2.
But then again, the neighborhood store are about food shopping and not much else.
This means your food bill will be quite a bit less than if you shopped at a premium grocer.
The seafood and meat area have great selections and seem more fresh than others.
Island pacific seafood market surely makes the asian grocery market more competitive!
Island pacific seafood market,                    you've earned my 5 stars!
I can honestly say that this place has some of the greatest vegan food that i have ever had.
If you want top quality organic food and this is the place to be.
She loves this place so much especially when she needs to get her greens all her vegetables and fruits.
They have every organic drink or fruits or vegetables that you can think of.
Also they have rare fruits or vegetables that other grocery stores don't have.
I have to say the tacos were delicious, and especially for the price.
My so wasn't blown away by the steak, but said the whole package was delicious.
They have different desserts that taste delicious
Food is great, atmosphere fun and welcoming.
We called to place our order, pulled up, and a lovely gentleman brought the food to our car.
They carry everything from food, cleaning and cooking supplies.
They also have freshly baked goods for sale, and even several "sidewalk" style food places to get dinner to go.
Closest health food store in my area.
Usual products i buy here every month include their lemon earthpaste toothpaste, brazil nuts, dried fruits and cooking oils.
Good food options that range in variety such as fried chicken, burgers, new american craft, latin/asian fusion.
Luckily we were with a large party so we ordered lots of food, and able to sample just about everything.
If you need any fresh fruit/veggie, check them out.
That's the smell of their meat and fresh seafood market.
Fresh food every day.
Fantastic looking salad bar, fresh prepared foods, incredible bakery department, cheese department, deli, etc!
I give the service and food a 5, the prices a 2.5.
But if you have been hunting and hunting for any italian market/deli - well you just found a great one!
Cleveland lacks cuban but puerto rican food shares many techniques and ingredients.
On a board were written three dinners and instructions forbidding additions of sides or the use of food stamps.
I was given enough food for a couple and one child.
Enough delicious looking offerings to rot you teeth out of your face in 5 minutes.
Ok.. now that i really sit and think about it, that is the only con to this delightful establishment.
They bake all sorts of delicious treats daily and they have a food menu outside of the restaurant.
We ordered cocktails while we waited for our table and they were fresh and delicious!
We ordered the  grilled artichoke which was of course amazing, a vegetable pizza and another round of drinks.
And as much as i love whole foods, sprouts is by far more affordable for essentially the same items.
Now, i normally stop at iga for deli items or at marc's.
This is a one stop shop for all of the materials needed for my various asian food culinary endeavors.
A while back, i read reviews of this place while searching online for moroccan food.
I'm mostly interested in the food, so as long as she keeps cooking up made-to-order platters, i'll keep visiting.
The food is yum yum yum to my tum tum tum.
There are pictures at http://phxfoodnerds.com/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=1029&start=20  -  salad: wonderfully green, doesn't come with cheese (i detest cheese in my salads!
I could eat this alone as my meal - fish tangine: delicious with or without the marinated lemons.
I stop by nearly daily bc the atmosphere is cool and laid back, and the food is yummy!
All the food items were bomb, and this was the first time i appreciated a sweet pickle on my slider.
It was way delicious.
They were crazy delicious so i broke down and got that.
They have a huge selection of produce and fruit.
I've seen fruit there that i've never even heard of.
Also, this place is somewhat of a tourist trap for those craving filipino food/items.
Good deals on fresh fruit & veggies, but watch out for the sometimes not-so-fresh.
The salad bar is past this area before the deli and meat counters.
I stopped by here on a road trip and got some food to go and it was absolutely amazing.
What a bonus to be able to get delicious food at a grocery store!
If you're shopping for fresh seafood and meat, have fun at seafood city.
Fruits and vegetables i've never heard or seen before.
Love the deli area and all the wonderful meats.
It has typical deli fare with a mexican and indian station.
Nice selection of food items , prepared relatively quickly and delivered hot.
The vegetables are great.
The food is pretty good, their bacon is my favorite.
However i digress, the food and coffee is delicious.
They deliver same day if you are in a jam for a small fee.
Order came pretty fast, food was good.
Even though they have a bigger assortment of food, their beauty, kitchen and baby sections are much smaller.
Whole foods is beautiful as well but they know it and charge as so.
The food gods were against me as i had just missed out on some thai coconut soup!
So glad they opened and changed from food for less.
Much cheaper than vons or albertsons,   they actually bag my food,  and the self checkout is speedy and easy.
Meat and seafood case has fresh and affordable items.
We tried all the appetizers at the asian/latino fusion place; they were all quite delicious.
String bean is my go to for fresh seafood.
There's even a fast food restaurant inside that i will have to try out next time.
Lots of mangos and even fresh whole jackfruit.
Kinda cool not to see exotic fruits in a can.
Little food places in the back and live seafood!
Not only do you just have asian treasures there, there's a jamaican food isle, hispanic food isle and others.
The ramen shop/asian fusion spot is great, burgers are delicious, and rad can hook you up with a liquid lunch.
Great selection, amazing prices and a dynamite staff that delivers great customer service.
I went to the asian place and had delicious bao.
My boyfriend went to the burger place and got the juicy lucy - also delish.
I love that you can get different types of food all in one place.
The produce sections and bakery/deli are great and overall the place is very clean and organized.
My review is really for incarta which is a delivery service.
Delivery is free, but you pay a 10% service fee.
Delivery happened exactly as scheduled.
And i took home a jalapeño cheddar (spicy), sesame pumpernickel (solid), coconut white chocolate (exotic), and pretzel bagel (delicious).
I think the non-mainstream food handling shows in the quality.
I usually don't like airport food, but this is one of my exceptions!
Kale & quinoa are some examples of super foods and i'm so glad they have it here!
The produce and fruits are guaranteed fresh.
The baked goods and breads are very delicious.
My favorite is the fruit tart.
The food is a bit over priced but it is definitely good quality.
They also have a cooler section just for the boars head deli items.
They have a hot lunch counter with all sorts of food.
I had the small  hot and sour soup and it was delicious.
I definitely recommend trying this spot if you're looking for truly authentic west indian food!
Good bye food for less!!
Secondly, its so easy to spend allot of money of here, everything is delicious.
I enjoyed most of the food; their were some things that seemed a bit tangy for me- like pickles.
Would recommend grabbing their prepared food and doing your groceries here!
I closed the door and read the sign again, making sure i didn't misread *deliveries* come in here.
Now, on the important stuff, food was pretty good.
But they have food.
This place is like seafood city bit not as crowded.
Also serve up some good filipino food.
The blueberry muffins are delicious and addicting.
I am a big fan of international and ethnic foods.
Also an emphasis on asian cuisine one will find european and mid eastern food products as well as american brands.
Counter prepared asian foods and baked goods also available for takeout.
Prices very reasonable for most  food items .
A must stop for those who love international food products.
Just a great place to browse and purchase specialty foods if one wants to try something different.
I miss their veggie buns and especially the takoyaki that you can get in the food court.
Since i had already consumed from fresh warm food, i went in and bought some japanese/korean snacks for my trip.
Bulk foods --- there is a great selection of coffee, snack items, nuts, etc....
Check common ground out if you want to support local farmers and enjoy delicious food!
Now has a full service deli, organic produce, a corbo's bakery, & a mycare walk-in clinic.
Love this store--particularly the deli.
Definitely our go-to for fresh vegetables.
The food was really good but the flow of traffic in that place is stupid.
Site is easily navigable and service is friendly and fast--those are some fit people delivering on bikes!
And had a hard time finding food that was gf and still tasted good.
Pretty much the opposite of most gluten free foods.
You really cannot tell that the food here is gf.
10 stars for great gf foods, and excellent customer service!
I really like the selection of cut fruit and yogurt parfaits.
There have a great selection of other foods, and i was surprised with the number of organic products in stock.
Their selection of hot eats is pretty extensive and all the food looks very fresh.
They are wonderful, crispy, & delicious.
And apparently duck fat is better for you than vegetable oil?
), 1/3 restaurant & 1/3 butcher/seafood counter.
Staff can be a bit snobby, but overall they have a delicious menu for breakfast!
They also have a fresh seafood market in the back!
They've got every imaginable fresh veggie and fruits you can think of, you want jack fruit?
Oh, there is also a food court to the right of the store!!
The owner, walter, is a wonderful friendly person, a delight to know.
The cheeses and prosciutti and gelato and everything else he sells is top quality and delicious, and reasonably priced.
On top of that, this smith's used to be a food 4 less.
This smith's has a murray's cheese shop inside the deli.
I like to get my seafood in the easy bake bags because they'll season the food for you.
I imagine all the food is to die for at lgo.
This is my go-to store for international foods, i go mostly for korean or european (russian/romanian) foods.
(whole foods app) and save even more!
Amazon convinced me to try out whole foods today due to a special limited-time offer: spend $10 at w.f.
All other food items cannot compare.
And so many delicious flavors to choose from.
I haven't gone to the deli yet but i am impressed that they have one.
Great selection of produce, meat, and asian goodies and products, awesome hot food takeout area.
I've never had a problem with the food and the produce is always really fresh.
Absolutely fantastically wonderfully delicious!!!
I find their deli very fresh.
Always friendly staff, great selection of food and almost always fresh.
Everything you could ever want from an asian food store and more.
Jackfruit, rambutan, lychee, a zillion mushroom varieties.
Foodwise, everything is great!
Sams club has a great selection of meats, wines, and the vegetable/ fruits section is great as well!
Awesome selection of middle eastern foods.
Great selection of meats and veggies and ugh, the food hall in back is so good!
It's such a great and healthy alternative to fast food.
The food is made fresh and packaged with reheating instructions.
Overall, like the food and will keep coming back.
Owner/pastry chef michelle, creates some french macarons like,hibiscus, passion fruit and my personal favorite, honey lavender.
Great people, great service, good food and good prices.
Always fresh and delicious.
You can now find lots of organic items: milk, cheeses, eggs, vegetables.
I get  my uncured bacon here, along with some other meats, and frozen seafood.
It's a cute market with a hot/cold deli in the back.
This review is for the food only.
Also, if you're in a hurry grab one of their pre-made granola/yogurt/fruit parfaits, yum!
This store has everything from exotic fruit, wine bar...whaaa?!?
Their food was delicious.
They also have uncooked meats and delicious bakery items .
They have really competitive prices and i love the bulk food section!
The deli team, however...that's a different story.
I've had a couple of comical (in a very sad way) experiences with the deli team at this store.
The produced appeared fresh and the seafood counter was busy with many options swimming around in tanks, still live.
Even our guests who usually don't care for gluten free, vegan foods liked it!
Very good prices for bulk foods like rice, grains and spices.
I had ordered a few pizzas as well as some appetizers and everything was served promptly and was quite delicious.
When i first walked in it was crowded and looked a lot like food4less.
The deli and meat department is a lot like costco, without the costco bulk prices.
They have a sushi bar here, full deli with lots of premade dishes and plenty of meats, cheeses and breads.
They have tons of korean, vietnamese, japanese, indian and mexican foods to choose from.
My boyfriend is from japan and he went crazy when he saw the large assortment of japanese foods.
It had everything you'd expect from a safeway--from a lovely floral department to a mini-starbucks to a sizeable deli counter.
I chose the hot food and my wife the salad bar.
I've visited other whole foods both in canada and the us.
You log online, pick out  your munchies, and they promptly deliver them to your door.
I love having a few too many drinks at home and having them bring me some junk-food to my door.
They have everything you need in bulk food...
My favorite department is probably their prepared foods department.
Haven't had the prepared food or sandwiches here yet, only shopped for products and meat to cook with.
They have a ton of delicious flavors, my favorite is their strattiatella.
Food is usually pretty good.
Lgo has great pre- made salads and on the go food in addition to tasty desserts as well.
The grocery store is comparable to other latino grocers like compare foods.
I tore into in my car and it was really delicious.
Messy as hell, but delicious.
Food is very good.
Have not had anything on the menu that was not delicious.
Has a good assortment of specialty imported italian foods.
I like being able to get fresh italian deli meats and cheeses, and also fresh italian bread.
I am a programmer and sometimes i have to buy food at 3 a.m.
Once a girl just gave them to me, which was about 20 bucks in food.
Let me say it again in case you did not hear me....amazing food.
Very fresh and delicious.
Grape leaves with seasoned rice stuffing--- again so fresh and delicious.
They have fantastic dairy free desserts like lemon, grapefruit, and other fruit flavored gelato.
The owners are the most genuine people and it shows in the food!
Great location, service and wonderful food.
Compared with other delis and sandwich restaurants, this place is a solid five star place.
The food was very tasty and the menu had some creative interesting items on it.
This place is a hidden gem, delicious food with high quality ingredients.
Super g is also full of all types of seafood and meats.
Like the various foods, i've a preferences for certain cooking instruments that you won't find at walmart.
Aside from the distance and non-engaging staff, super g is my goto place for all my foreign food needs.
I got the fresh salmon and chicken fruit bowl.
The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious.
I'm sure they throw out perfectly good food that other people wouldn't mind buying.
Place is not that big compare to any groceries, but there's a reason why they call it fine foods.
The prepared foods looked great as did the cheese and produce selection.
Great salad bar and fruit is so satisfying every time.
And the vegan pizza with cashew cheese is not to be skipped out on because it is delicious!!
Hungry for a deli sandwich?
Great little neighborhood market with the necessities and then some up front and a deli counter in back.
Me not having to drive to mesa or glendale for pakistani food?
I love the organic food we are able to obtain from this location.
Which is why at the moment i have a fridge full of so delicious coconut kefir.
Love the olive bar and the deli!
Friends have had their deli sandwiches and potato wedges from the hot "to go" counter and enjoyed both.
So many good vegetarian foods.
This place has some of the best food around.
Love organic natural food so much.
Ambrosia natural foods impressed me so much that i ended up buying some of their healthy snacks.
Ambrosia natural foods is a must if you are into natural foods!
The food is excellent.
Great location for both tourists n locals to shop or dine in at the food court too.
The cookies were delicious, the cassada cake was great.
My friend bought some macarons and said they were delicious.
If sex were a food it would be in the form of the barbacoa tacos.
I've had mexican food everywhere and this is the second best one in north america.
All of the breakfast items are delicious.
Biggest selection of international foods fruit and spices.. ppl are nice.
Their cranberry delight in the deli is superb!
The starbucks could be bigger and so could the health food section.
Thank you for making healthy, delicious baked goods!
Yummmy food, fresh bread and ice cream too!..
No fishy smell..no sticky, black floors..no rotten fruits or veggie laying on the floor..
They also has their own kitchen, bakery, bbq station cooking prepared food on site all the time.
There are also a cooked food station that has sweet sour pork, noodles, veggies, beef stir fried etc.
The service, food, and drink choices are always on point.
It's a casual place with a fresh meat / seafood counter.. can order to cook at home as well.
Some of the best middle eastern food i've ever had.
My sara delightful bread for $3 bucks!
Dolce vita's gelato is the best in town and their paninis and other foods are to die for.
These are  very hardworking people who sole mission is to delight you.
The store also sells pasta and many other imported italian foods.
At super target, i spend $80 (after coupons) and left with more than twice the amount of food.
Went there over the holiday's and enjoyed the food, drinks, music and dancing (watching not participating).
This place is cool, huge selection of premade foods, alcohol and everything.
Massive deli department......to massive bakery area.
They also offer home delivery.
Before you drive a half hour or so to seafood city, come here instead.
A wide selection of snacks, food, drinks, and seafood, all at good prices.
But parking is so difficult that i just content myself with the food to go.
As far as inventory but the staff is always so delightful.
Moroccan food in phoenix?
Great friendly staff, bakery and hot food section is always fresh and the store is clean.
Bakery cake for my grand daughter was delicious created on top of cupcakes!!!
It's ridiculous how reasonable the prices are compared to whole foods.
My review is for the fast food they serve (pizza, hot dogs, sausages, fries and ice cream).
Their desserts are so delicious as well.
Nut butters, dried fruits, some desserts/drinks.
Lots of variety of food choices with separate sections for cheeses, meats, desserts, cafe and warm and cold food bars!
(food and non-food items.)
Had the yogurt with fruit and granola.
Homey greasy spoon cooking, place would creep out most pretentious foodies, but it's right up my alley.
The customer service is wonderful and the food is terrific, and the environment is charming.
But the food is worthy for your time.
The bulk spice/food section in the back of the store is a must visit.
The food is homemade and fresh and the ambience is fun.
The highlight for me is definitely the deli.
If you're in the market for some deli items, i highly recommend checking it out here at good cents.
The environment is chill, the food presentation and quality is exceptional and the staff is friendly.
When i need some delicious gelato and a fun atmosphere i always go to dolce vita.
Goodbye ice cream, hello delicious gelato.
I always come here because there's a wide selection of seafood the service here is awesome.
Yes, prices are high for most students, but low compared to other local health food stores.
However, my favorite items are the local foods.
Other more typical health food staples are here too, like reed's ginger ales, brown cow yogurt (yum!)
If i'm in the mood for a vegan deli lunch, i might swing by before work to pick up something.
My only complaint is that the "healthy" section of food is separate from the "regular" section.
The food in the food court is really cheap and they're delicious!
The foods are well prepared, delicious and full of flavour.
The place is well organized, filled with some great gourmet foods and drinks, and is simply a foodie delight.
Still, as a more or less one stop gourmet food shop, definately worth a look.
Minimal in relation to the grocery/deli/pizzeria capacity.
Be that as it may, i love the food at the deli here.
Sandwiches are very delicious, well crafted and have great ingredients.
The store is very clean and has very fresh fruit and veggies.
All their dishes are delicious!
Break off a piece and use it to scoop up the flavorful stews and vegetables.
Great price and delicious!
They bake the bread in-house and the sandwiches are so fresh and so delicious.
Seafood city, how fitting for an asian supermarket with emphasis on filipino cuisine and you guess it "seafood."
Grilled city- filipino style bbq and grilled food.
(bbq meats on skewers)  crispy town- fried food specialties (fish, pork, beef and lumpia/eggrolls).
Pnb-philippine national bank (money remittance center)  beauty salon/nail shop  adjacent/near seafood city: valerio's tropical bakeshop-family owned and operated filipino bakery.
I have food allergies so finding foods that i can eat can be challenging and frustrating.
I highly recommend this place especially if you have food allergies.
They have a large selection of food supplements and seems to sell a big quantity of these.
Ranch market also has super delicious tortilla chips and salsas.
Excellente variété de fruits légumes et cafés, sans oublié la grande sélection de bières.
Great store to shop for filipino food.
Fresh seafoods are priced reasonably.
Their macarons are so heavenly...crunchy first bite...then chewy...then you get the delicious center.
I would have to say that the french pancakes w/fruit and creme fraiche and organic coffee are my staple.
It is definitely a good value and good food.
Such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back.
The guys at the deli counter are really nice.
It was a bit pricey and the portion of the meat was little, but it was super delicious!!!
The prepared foods and eat-in area has a nice view of sugar beach and sometimes a real live actual ship.
The food was great as was the service, a little pricy but high quality food so well worth it
We will return for our wholesome comfort foods!
The fries are great as well the food is fresh and cheerfully served  specials are creative and delish.
I had a delicious lunch and grabbed some gifts.
I am the most happy when i am eating some yummy food.
The delicious english muffin, the eggs, bacon, tomato and mayo.
The price is higher for these things but spoiled fruit or vegetables won't be disguised here.
For meat or dog food or paper products i look elsewhere.
The rest of the staff at this location are good people and friendly except for the deli.
Very good staff except the support staff at the deli.
So much variety, so much fresh food, and soo fun!
It's close to my house and they have everything you may need for filipino food.
Such good food for such a good price.
The gelato was delicious as well, i'm definitely going to become a regular here.
The food is excellent.
I noticed 2 different workers in the produce section cutting fruit to let a customer try them.
Super friendly staff, great wine selections, and the food is surprisingly awesome!
Meats are always good and they have a sushi bar preparing new foods daily/hourly or on the spot fresh.
Filipino food is included in that generalized statement!
$22 which is pricey but i'm a total sucker for good filipino food.
It's refreshing to visit a filipino supermarket and see all the traditional food items that are sold here.
It's big, bright, clean, the carts all looked serviceable and the produce, bakery, meat and seafood sections were amazing.
There was also another ethnic food deli (?)
Benita was our waitress and she was great and very knowledgeable when asked for suggestions about food and beer.
Feeling pressured to order food leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
The food was superb and hit the spot.
Deli...another great find if your in a pinch and want a fresh hot sandwich to go.
You know your getting nothing but the best when the food is fresh.
You can either heat the food there or if you work or live nearby you can just take it home.
Great variety of well circulated food items.
I skip the food court.
It all worked out though and they were delicious.
Nile ethiopian restaurant has some of the best food i've had in charlotte.
Both my friend and i were charmed by the kindness of the owners and we both absolutely loved the food.
The meal was affordable, fresh, and the service delightful.
Can we talk about how delicious everything is here?!
The bento lunches made by the owners at tokyo japanese food store are the bomb!!
They satisfy any japanese food craving that i might have.
Fruits and vegetables are fresh and they seem to have more general variety than the tempe location.
Think of it as part high end market/deli/cafe/wine shop/bakery/coffee shop/etc.
The food in ready to go section is more fresh than other locations i've been to in my opinion.
Decided to check our winco foods today after not wanting to drive over to another grocery store.
Excellent selection of whole foods and organic.
Always stop here and we the food, the baking and some very cool take home cook yourself items.
Much smaller than the bigger chains like 99ranch, h-mart, or seafood city.
Love how they have an eatery that has a huge selection of filipino food that you crave for!
You start off with the deli then the bakery, produce section, craft beers, and liquor!
Instead found a really interesting natural food store.
I couldn't believe all these healthier versions of the foods i like.
If you are used to paying extra for healthier food then you will feel right at home.
Layout: one side "health and health beauty products and foods", other side regular whole foods.
Wisconsinites don't need to induce sweating through food.
The cafe makes, from scratch, standard middle eastern food like shish kabob, lamb curry, and falafel everyday.
I wanted to try it so i looked up asian food stores and this store was number one.
Great deli and steaks!
Know that this place is very busy, but the food is certainly worth the wait.
I especially like purusing their gift and foodie department!
You can find your favorite fruits and vegetables for cheap!
You can get so many kinds of deli meats for cheap!
The food is great.
The pizza's smelled delicious and all the salads look super healthy.
4 of us had lunch here and the sandwiches were  delicious .
I have been to the string bean numerous times and have always really enjoyed the food and experience.
Delicious daily soups, great coffee, beautiful salad bar.
They stock local, organic and delicious produce, meats, and cheeses.
Not to mention the deep fried peanuts in a variety of flavors that are super delicious!
My boyfriend spent 20 minutes waiting for our food.
Including exotic fruits from my homeland of malaysia?
Well they ran out of the fruit i wanted and the whole shelf was empty.
I drove over an hour to see this place because the kids and i were needing some ethnic food!
I always end up buying lots of vegan food, snacks & cruelty free makeup + products!
Health-y food in the north end!
I should know better, but i was desperate for vegan/organic food!
The grocery store part of it sells wine, fresh-baked breads, artisan meats and cheeses and assorted gourmet food items.
The vibe there is great and they have games and a wide selection of food options.
Food was really good..
I have the vegan bacon sandwich which was delish and the carrot cake shake... oh my gosh!
Lots of fresh fruit  and veg.
Very simalar to sunflower or whole foods, and the price is right in the middle.
The food is amazing.
I also ordered their carne asada burrito from the little deli in the back of the store.
The burrito was delicious.
A deli, groceries, beer and wine, lots of medical supplies.
I love that there's filipino food buffet style ready to eat here too.
This place used to be food 4 less.
Great little grocery with a wide selection of organic and speciality foods, including locally-sourced items.
The food is superb and large portions for a great price.
Bring your appetite and your patience, as great food is not made fast.
Island pacific seafood market is one of the cleanest asian market i've been.
It is a bit smaller than the seafood city on maryland parkway.
And the bakery n food court is a blessing.
This place, the environment, the drinks, the food, all great!
Often times i've picked up fruit or veggies and they've been close to going bad or already there.
I got the biscuits and gravy which was delicious.
Overall good place, especially for those with food allergies.
It's not great for dry goods or beauty supplies but for food shopping is i think the best in henderson.
After some deliberation i went with the reuben (always my top choice) and a glass of iced tea.
Gotta try this place, the food is great and you feel at home.
Friendly and welcoming staff, the best takeout food, pastries and freshly squeezed fruit juices.
They also have a fast food place where you can buy cooked food and eat it there too.
Next time, will try some of their local delicatessen.
Great quality food, great staff, awesome craft beer selection, great place to take the whole family!
If you like indian food as well as middle eastern or persian food you must try zam zam.
Very well priced  you must try their nehari curry and every dish on their menu, nothing like typical indian food
Fun to explore and purchase authentic food items not found anywhere else.
Great place for fresh and unique  fruits and veggies the food court is always authentic and delicious.
I think it's great that they make the food daily and have appropriate portion sizes.
What i did purchase though tasted delicious!
Great place for filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
But i guess i am going there for food, not lively conversation, so i only subtracted one star for that.
By pass the line up to get to the food court by going in the grocery store.
Though the food really isn't that special.
The store is very cute and the little cafe served cinnamon donuts that were delicious.
On top of the great food selection, the knick knacks and kitchen supplies are plentiful and surprisingly unique.
The prepared food is a mixed bag for me.
The taco station makes very good food and the condiment station is well stocked with lots of room to sit.
So, if you buy their prepared food eat it right away.
However, cardenas has delicious arroz con leche or rice pudding; it's soft, creamy and not too sweet.
I loved their deli and produce selections.
Just be grateful that you get to have access to another cuisine mostly decent food at modest prices.
Specifically, the aspect of winco i like the most are their bulk foods.
I'd say sprouts has a good selection of bulk foods, but they are twice as expensive.
I'm not filipino but i love filipino supermarket because they have all kinds of different seafood.
Just like seafood city on maryland, this place also had many kinds of seafood.
As a seafood lover, this place is absolutely amazing!!
The grilled squid looked so delicious with the special sauce.
Delicious double patty burger for $5.
Going back soon to try some other food.
The produce section looked fresh and the same went for the meat and seafood section.
Older canadians who like frozen, canned and boxed food and don't do much from scratch cooking.
The house made chorizo is lean and delicious, not greasy at all.
This place is the epitome of coziness, good food and great service (server was angela).
Went with the yelp deal and the food was outstanding.
I've been wanting to go to a seafood city.
But seafood city is a filipino grocery store.
Actually for non filipinos that go here check out jollibee,  chow king & red ribbon as well for delicious food!
With the offerings of fresh food, italian specialty grocery items and confections, this place has it all.
Fun, but sometimes loud, venue with a variety of beers and food.
Food was rather pricey, but good.
Fresh & easy is a delightful addition to the neighborhood.
Very good prices especially w/ the veggies & fruits.
Fresh seafoods & i now go here for my meats as well.
Boringly enough, i typically swing by for the delicious salad bar.
They have fresh seafood and meat.
I also love coming here to have some delicious samples.
Their pre-made food area is to die for.
Great food and have been going there since it opened.
Clean, efficient, well laid out, well stocked, fresh foods and produce, fast checkouts.
Absolutely delicious fresh breakfasts, with a little dining area outside if you wish.
The food market inside is modest, but the best we found in the vicinity.
Seriously yes i'm about to write a review recommending a chevron station for food.
It also has restaurant and delicious snacks.
I just don't like fair food.
First time trying moracon food.
Had couscous with chicken and vegetables.
Amazing personable service, excellent food, excellent value.
Wonderful family owned business with authentic food and great service!
I don't find that i pay much more for better quality food either.
Ethnic fruits and veggies makes this place stand out for me.
The prepared foods (bento boxes, mochi) and baked goods are also very good.
If you're looking for wholesome, nutritious, organic, home cooked foods and local brands like mad mexican, you'll find them here.
Love the fresh squeezed grapefruits.
The staff  is always so friendly, has a smile on their face and delivers excellent customer service!
Nice bakery, large selection of cakes and all kind of delicious desserts.
Their breads, bagels and donuts are way beyond anything i've been able to get at either whole foods or sprouts.
Produce is fresh, the only thing that looked limited was fruits, but i assume it will vary by season.
Rice milk single packs, honest kids juice packs, broccoli slaw (yum), wine and a fantastic deli sandwich.
I'm in here pretty regularly (ex: daily) and have tried most of their food.
If you're like me, and i seem to think that you are, you sometimes need food.
And if you're also like me, you like the food that you get to be not too too expensive.
It borders on the expanse of a super store, offering much more than just food and amenities.
The produce is usually fresh with a good assortment of seafood, cheeses, and breads.
It has lots of ready-to-eat food .
The store has a lot of asian food.
What can i say, its seafood city.
I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were taken care of and how great the food was.
The steaks and seafood they sell out of the butcher shop are of the best quality !
I'm so happy we have a whole foods so close now.
I love the hot food bar and salad bar!
Awesome supermarket, just because it says seafood city doesn't mean that its all strictly seafood in there.
They have fruits, veggies, meat, ingredients, drinks, about 5 restaurants, and a at&t booth.
I instantly thought of a high end food truck park, except indoors and a great bar selection.
There's also a large ready made food to go counter, a juice bar, a salsa bar and plenty of seating.
I have yet to try the ready made food but they have tons of options.
The deli counter is impressive with some of the best sandwiches in the northside.
If you are what you eat, then i must be whole foods.
The oakville whole foods is quite a bit different than the one in downtown toronto.
Now for the food.
And that wild rice salad they have in the deli case is amazeballs if you're a whole grain snob.
Great produce, great natural health section, good deli, and best of all, cheap-ass prices (ie.
Deli sandwiches for $2.99 - now that's what i'm talkin' about!).
Well made, high quality food is abundant here.
Love that seafood city is near me!
From the food to the atmosphere, you are truly original here in the valley.
Breakfast: pretty much everything is delicious, healthy, and made extremely well/fresh.
For the most part the foods are very fresh and healthy too.
Good selection of fresh vegetables and fruit!
I want to go back to try their fast food though looked really good too.
The pizza is aaaaamazing, the pastry treats are delicious, and the shop is filled with the cutest stuff!!
The deli is huge and has lots of hot and ready food to offer!
Great sandwiches and food selection of draft and can.
I would say that about 95% of food we buy here is cheaper then any other store.
We always buy so much food for s lot less then we would at walmart or any other store.
Always fresh fruits and veggies.
Basically this is a huge warehouse-sized space with bulk food.
Imagine hundreds upon hundreds of random foods sold by weight.
They also have a deli in the back and a few food products sold the "regular way" (a.k.a.
The popcorn shrimp was delicious as well.
My parents enjoy driving 30-40 minutes to get here for the variety of fresh seafood available.
It was so good & you can't beat the price for all this food we ordered.
For anyone that is gluten free, vegan, or has food allergies in general, this place is a lifesaver.
They also have a cafe with a very wide range of food.
El charrito is the real deal for mexican food.
I get most of my food stuffs here.
The sandwiches are delicious!
It's a bulk food paradise in here.
The trail mix options are delightful and they're very reasonably priced.
Great produce and prepared food section, the rest of the store is rather small.
A large contribution to this is that the seafood section is a separated room to help filter smells.
A large produce section with many vegetables that cannot be found elsewhere.
They have everything i need, the deli counter is friendly, the prices are affordable as well.
The sandwiches are simple and delicious.
This popular place is like the supercentre of health food stores.
I was especially amazed at the food options at the korean restaurant, honey buns and another spanish bakery.
I was less impressed with the chinese vegetable selection.
The meat, seafood and frozen foods options are varied enough to satisfy the most discriminating shoppers.
Fresh produces, deli, cheese, made-to-order sandwiches, and baked goods from central illinois bakery are all available throughout the days.
There are tons of bulk restaurant foods, but i still couldn't get my simplot exotic rice!
It reminds of the old tobacco usa in greensboro, but with food!
Passing through phoenix when the bright idea struck to look up gluten free food for husband.
But for my husband he looks for gf food closest to what he used to eat.
He also had a gf everything bagel breakfast sandwich.. then tiramasu cheesecake.. all delicious!
They were super polite, they ship food.
Have vegan and gf foods.. worth the extra trip!!
This is some of the yummiest italian food!
The best thing to get are they english muffins which are super delicious.
The meat is delicious and fresh.
My husband and i live near chicago,, where whole foods stores abound.
What to do about food?
I checked reviews of organic food stores online and this seemed to be the place to go.
It has the best that whole foods has to offer.
The food is high quality and you can tell the difference.
I'm so happy to say we have the best italian deli/import store in ohio!!
But overall, i do miss food4less.
The seafood section is extensive too, but the seafood didn't look very fresh.
To be expected, the deli is fantastic--great options for all dietary restrictions at a reasonable price.
Hey very friendly people there very helpful if your not terribly familiar with middle eastern food.
The deli is very delicious and fresh!
But i would have to say the deli tables are my favorite with the hmong clothing fabrics laid on top.
I was disappointed at first when they replaced food4less but it has become one of my favorite grocery stores.
The deli is phenomenal with a great selection of cheeses and boars head meats.
And i can't get delivery even though i'm less than 1 mile away :-(
The prices here on everything from booze, energy drinks, kale, frozen fruit, to their fresh salads and sandwiches, are cheap.
The variety of vegetables and fruits do not grow with store size.
Pa will meet all your needs if you're just looking for vegetables and fruits.
That's the food i eat, i'm not sure about you.
Unfortunately i found it's just the quality of foods in this area.
Pa will have basic fruits and vegetables, variety of eggs, milk, yogurt, cereal, dried beans, rice, flour.
Atwater market will sell the organic fruits and vegetables just like pa's upstairs.
Now the downside to pa is that the meats and the seafood isn't that great.
The produce looks delicious, floor sets organized, clothing presentable, etcetera.
The food is so stinking good and fresh and local!!
And don't worry u vegetarians they have wonderful and oh-so delicious dishes for you too!
Amazing and delicious selection for dinner!
Food is absolutely fantastic, dog friendly patio, nice wine selection and pops was able to locate caduceus naga for me!
Very nice smoothie bar, and a beautifully stocked fresh fruit case and a neat fresh cheeses deli.
Separate seafood counter always looks inviting, clean and well stocked.
If you love fish and seafood this place is worth a try.
I love seafood city!
Feels more like a high end whole foods or aj's, but still with fry's prices.
Maybe it's because it's a block from my house, but probably because $5 gets you two delicious tacos.
I also explored their baby food selections as well as wraps.
Friendly service and the food was very tasty.
Upscale food and wine shopping and lovely patio dining.
They have a diverse seafood selection (i got lobster today for 5.99 per lb!!)
As well as frozen foods, meats, chinese housewares, vegetables and fruits.
The vegetable selection wasn't the best but everything is well separated and labeled with prices.
Whole foods market is a great place to stop by for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
It is very pricey, even the food as well.
Also had their prepared food which also was very good.
Food: 5 parking: 4 service: 5 selection: 5 wine: 5 value: 5
I think of this store as a down home whole foods and love stopping by everytime we visit my parents.
Then you haven't stopped by the prepared food section!
Great deli and italian market.
Friendly people, good food ready to eat or take home for your gourmet dinner!
Wow, and we're glad we did as we had forgotten how real food tasted.
Everything is better at tj's: prices, food and service.
Had no idea it was here, just happened to pass by and i'm always curious of diverse food in town.
The seafood was fresh, mostly whole dressed fish, but 1.99 a pound for tilapia, can't be beat.
As far as frozen foods go, i've never seen this many different pot-stickers outside of san fran or new york.
Urban cafe - fresh, delicious breakfast.
Or lady, if you're into ethnic foods, this is the place to be.
So...my four star rating for costco is for the selection and believe it or not...the little food court.
I top off that bad boy with one of their delicious hot dogs and pop for and extra $1.99.
As for food selection and deals..yes those ar great to but my trips here are usually surrounding my stomach.
Since when has it been okay for you to sample the food in the grocery section?
Think costco, but mostly food items and no membership fee.
(sure, our stores are larger with more selection, but here there seems to be more specialty foods.
I agree that the bakery and deli sections are severely lacking.
We went here like 4 times in 5 days to get food.
The restaurant in the back of the store has delicious food!
As a regular whole foods shopper, i was super curious to check out this new concept store.
The result is a greater selection of meats, fish, deli, cheese, peppers, etc.
If you're looking for a specific ethnic food or ingredient i would highly recommend looking here.
All of their food and drinks are made fresh and are delicious.
The cafe was always busy, and the food was fresh and reasonably priced.
However, i could really do with a trader joes or whole foods in this town.
It's brings back the memories of wet markets in asia with the distinctive seafood smell.
Right next to tink holl is a szechuan gourmet restaurant serving good szechuan food.
Fresh seafood is worth the price.
Do not judge this place from the outside, or you will miss some of the best vegetarian food in charlotte.
The deli meats and cheeses are always fresh and the utmost quality.
We've been satisfied, but nothing that makes us crave or need to come back just for the food.
Great energy and tasty food.
Not to mention delicious pretzel bread rolls that i grabbed on my venture in there last time.
The butcher has fine cuts and a plethora of seafood, more than your average fry's.
Amazing customer service debbie in the deli department afford simple of what i was ordering and help make better selections!
I really like the deli and butcher counters here.
Food was wonderful and fresh.
During the lunch hours, there are food demos with free samples so come here if you're hungry!
I am from georgia, and i have to say that this southern food is on point!
The food is great.
As previously mentioned, it is pricey, but it is quality healthy food.
An expanded houseware and a larger  varieties of pet food for my fincky feline is nice.
Second, i love their bulk containers of dried fruits, trail mix, nuts, grains etc.
The food was okay just nothing special like their lunch and dinners are!
Their cakes, macarons and fruit tarts also have me hooked.
Most of the cakes have fresh fruits and/or fresh cream on them.
I love and tolerate spicy food well, but this had my mouth sweating.
They have an  amazing selection of products (cheeses, meats, prepared foods, wine & beer) and their selections are amazing.
Excellent variety great vegetable and meat prices .
Like their chinese food court too , fresh sushi n other chinese meals .
I tried the bison burger last time and it was perfectly cooked and delish.
I love how they have wine and beer "to go" plus a butcher and fresh seafood.
I had the tuna salad, very simple and delicious.
If you crave authentic mexican food (and i'm not talking habenero's...) this is the place!
Inexpensive, delicious, fresh, tasty, authentic and worth the investigative travel to find their spot.
For two, you can walk out with under $20 and have delicious leftovers for the next day.
Really nice staff and comforting food!
Food is displayed in a case and there are tables to sit.
Chicken soup was hearty and the churro was delicious!!!
I like whole foods in general.
Unfortunately,  i got food from the hot bar and got sick once.
My review is for a specific employee in the deli department.
Good meats, good produce, and better processed foods than most groceries.
This day we were using their deli.
Went in for food, came out with a 65 in flat screens.
Groceries, bakery, drugstore, hot foods, salad bar, sushi and a really nice seating area to chill out.
I would easily give most of their in-house made foods 5*!
To begin with their food counter, they make some of the best pizza around.
The in-house pulled pork is also surprisingly delicious and a steal at ~$10/lb!
Small deli in a grocery store on via linda.
Now they have a full bakery, deli, and grocery store.
An issue i have is with service at the deli.
Other than the deli service and the beeping, this walmart is pretty good.
But the food coart, well that is the achilles heel.
Tucked away at the back of this store is a little deli counter.
The produce is fresh, bakery & deli are good, meats have been good as well.
They have fish, meat, vegetables, canned foods, snacks, and etc.
The vegetables are pretty decent, but it gets old fast.
They also have to-go food such as, pinakbet, kare-kare, dinuguan, adobo, and etc.
I eat vegetarian and i find there a variety of asian foods to fit my diet.
Still, they have a variety of inexpensive food items from around the world.
This store has a great deli, seafood counter, bakery pharmacy and electronics department.
They have great deals during their sales & a variety of selections for hot food at the deli bar.
Love the selections and fresh food too!
The food is good and you get a wide variety to choose from but a little pricey.
Aj's fine foods are excellent markets, and this pima and pinnacle peak locale is one of the best!
We highly recommend aj's fine foods above all others.
Delivery guy is a saint and usually pretty swift; i make sure to tip him well.
Ambiance - 4/5 - basically a supermarket with many food places inside, seating can be scarce during the rush.
Staff - n/a  food - 4/5 - from lechon to skewers to chicharronnes, everything was excellent.
Lechon is such a delicious item.
Overall, this is a great spot to grab filipino food.
The food is always fresh.
Their food is delicious, whether its for there or to go.
I returned to seafood city with my family yesterday .
I liked the presentation of the seafood out in the open on beds of ice.
Gr8  job on opening weekend seafood city!!!.
Looking forward to trying out some jolibee food when it  arrives.
As a family, we are trying foods from around the world.
It was a wonderful experience and the food was fantastic.
Prices aren't as good as food city's.
At least at food city, they don't make that assumption, but that's probably because i go there more.
They are much friendlier at food city in general.
I found i can find specialty stuff here that isn't at food city, so that's good and it's close by.
But, overall i prefer food city.
I also love getting a delicious drink before walking around.
What i love the most is probably how cheap the veggies and fruits are!
The almond croissant is delicious!
It was delicious, but way too spicy for me.
The service was very nice, the deli counter attendant was helpful to make choices and very friendly.
The deli makes the best sandwiches in the world.
My favorite asian food market in cleveland.
They've got a nice bulk foods section with a huge variety.
Most amazing place for allergy free food!
Great food with authentic flavor, had the chicken couscous and it was awesome!!
They have lots of food and beer and groceries here.
I was visiting from the states and stumbled across this gem of a deli.
They have a variety of breakfast options and is quite delicious.
Our favorite spot for great customer service, dairy free options, snacks, fruits, veggies, salad bar!
***great place for fresh, local food***  la grande orange grocery is not your typical grocery store.
La grande orange (lgo) reminds me of elephant's delicatessen in portland, or.
And if you know me, i love elephant's deli!
The atmostphere of lgo is hustlin' and bustlin', they are quick to serve and food is made within minutes!
It was topped off with several slices of fresh strawberries, which made the meal quite delightful and refreshing!
The cream cheese frosting was very thick and delightfully complimented the cupcake.
They do have some stranger asian foods such as balut, durian, jackfruit, etc.
They used to have cheese samples which were the best in front of the deli.
Small selection of fruits and vegetables.
It also has a small selection of other foods.
If you take giant eagle and scale it down to 2 aisles of food.
Prepared foods are delicious and ready to take home, heat, and eat.
When my ubereats driver was being unprofessional, david from bronze cafe personally delivered the food to me.
Inside this humble little grocery store, you'll find the most authentic indian food in cleveland.
The food is prepared by a punjabi family and is really authentic!
The cream cheese frosting and strawberry filling was delicious!
This is the best place to get your japanese food fix.
They have a great selection of candies, snacks, and plenty of things for fresh food options.
The chicken teriyaki bento is seriously delicious and i can't wait to go back and get another yakisoba bun!
Great place to find foods you normally don't find in 'all-american' supermarkets.
Almost every nationalities's food is represented here.
But all that can be overlooked because the food is fantastic!
Cream filled devils food cake with chocolate ganache all around the outside.
Desserts are delicious, especially the ooey gooey cupcake.
I come here often to get some delicious and nutritious to-go meals or to eat them at their cafe area.
As long as you don't overload your plate with mounds of food, it's definitely affordable.
Live seafood very fresh.
Fruit and vegetables expensive but good variety of imported options like dragonfruit from vietnam and oranges from south africa.
Prepared food better at t&t at warden and steeles.
Beyond the excellent selection of italian groceries, deli meats and cheeses ....
Great food, hamburger, salmon, green fried tomatoes were tasteful!
Service can get slow when the restaurant is full, but the food is great!
It's one stop place for grocery, food, beer/wine, dry cleaning and even clothes (joe fresh).
The only bad side is limited fresh fruit in this store.
The cuban sandwich is also delicious.
Staple for food, groceries, veg, meat, desserts, milk, soup - everything you need in a single but small grocery store.
Toothpaste sits next to babyfood which is across from the bacon next to the crisps & chocolate.
Or you can order together and wait while the staff brings you some delicious food.
News flash: cooking competent food is slower than the speed of light.
I had groceries delivered to my grandma since i live out of state and can't shop for her myself.
She was so helpful, friendly, professional, and texted me after they were delivered.
I'm so glad to have found lisa and best grocery delivery, i will be using this service from now on!
Great specialty food store.
There is an extensive deli meat counter and bakery on-site.
Two large isles of imported food products as well.
Organic dog food sold here!
I left with some vegetables and americano.
Typical filipino grocery store to buy all your pinoy food and groceries.
The food is great to take out.
They have fresh fruits and vegetables.
Very pleased with the selection of ethnic foods.
The qp store definitely has a larger selection of fresh produce, deli and meats.
Fruit is the most prone to this.
I ordered the dirty bird latte and it was delicious!
I tryen a few of there prepared food  dishes and they were  great.
If you want ethiopian food, you are doing yourself a disservice by not coming here.
No this ain't sam's club it's better than pizza food.
Their meat and deli department is pretty well stocked and they will package anything as you like it.
Head on over for some healthy food at great prices.
One side of a halal market is a restaurant serving delicious, lovingly prepared food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
They have a large variety of seafood and meat here.
There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex.
Prepared foods i've tried have been very good.
Pharmacy was just remodeled, hot foods expansion and they are lowering their prices every week to cater to the community.
Has a large beer and wine menu and food and service were fantastic.
I have been very happy with their produce and meat and seafood department.
Deli, salad bar, beer, wine, and many many meats.
Amazing food and ambiance, amazing pastries and so much fun stuff to buy!
They make their english muffins in house and they are perfectly delicious.
They have to-go breakfast and lunch foods in a cold case for convenience.
The fruit was fresh and delicious, better than any other supermarket i've been to!
Quick, and great for on-the-go dessert cravings that are affordable and taste delicious!
Fresh vegetables, fresh breads!
I had a goat cheese pizza with cherry tomatoes and basil that was soo delicious.
Everything is fresh, hot, and delish.
I have been to puerto rico a few times and know my "rican food" and this is it baby!
Aldi is my first stop for dry foods.
Our meal  was delicious and of a generous portion.
We use the best grocery delivery for our advertising agency.
Being able to order groceries online and have them delivered has saved us so much time and money.
Great italian foods you can't find anywhere.
Great food and atmosphere.
They have a variety of ethnic products, as well as some deli products.
Wonderful selection of all types of asian foods.
Huge selection of ethnic foods of which they specialize in and actually do.
With that said, i believe whole foods has one of the best fish counters in town.
As well, there deli case and prepared foods won't leave you disappointed.
I walked across the street and sure enough, ok foods had it.
The selection at fruiticana was alright, but the selection at ok foods was even better!
Not a fancy place but food is great.
My husband and i just met some friends here for brunch, and as always, we ate delicious food.
I had the commuter sandwich with bacon, gruyere and avocado - delish!
The coffee bar here is also very tasty, and their iced teas are delicious.
Don't forget to try the delicious tammie coe baked goods while you are here!
I am appreciative that this store incorporates many, many ethnic food items, from chinese, japanese, korean, indian, and mexican foods.
While i don't frequent the deli section, i was in the mood for some pastrami and the selection didn't disappoint.
Great variety of food, desserts etc.
Actually know their stuff and deliver good service.
The food in the back is incredible.
Probably the best food i've had in toronto.
Amazing flavours that don't taste like restaurant food, but home cooking.
The muffins are also really unique and delightful, the kid loves them.
A great variety of foods packed in a small space.
For an airport cafe the food was "real", delicious and well prepared.
The groceries are fine but i really come for the little food stand in the back.
The food is delicious, and they have a ton of veggie-friendly options.
We had the weekend specials: steak hash and chilaquiles which were delicious!
Their produce and selection of natural and genetically modified free food is outstanding.
Bulk food bins are always full and clean.
Amazing atmosphere, fresh organic food made daily, nothing processed.
Excellent atmosphere and great food.
Aside from the food and the clothes it has the ramp escalator thingee.
Macrolife micro reds - it's superfood!
(this one you can buy at whole foods)  3.
Almond and coconut milk  i've also maintained a healthy diet of mostly alkaline forming foods like kale, almonds and avocados.
The deli section is good i sometimes get the meat and and cheese slices for sandwiches.
Pet supplies, handy little household tools and if your hungry you can find frozen foods, lunch supplies and dessert.
They sell a lot of prepared foods and even have a small cafe that serves great food.
Another must-try are the various prepared arab specialities in the deli like grape leaves, hummus, and baba ghanoush.
Imo the deli here far exceeds the quality of adonis.
Vegetables are quite competative in price and meats are quite good.
I have the frys food app on my phone, so i always look up coupons before shopping.
So delicious, and now a feature at every holiday.
Lgo is an eccelctic place with cute-kitchy things to buy, delicious coffee options, and a fantastic menu.
The pizza looked delicious, so we'll be back for that.
I ate at the deli for lunch yesterday and then did a little bulk foods shopping.
Very economical and great, fresh food.
I am impressed with the amount of bulk food items they have available.
As a san franciscan, i have high expectations when it comes to food places.
I want to go back to try their fast food though looked really good too.
They had soooo much food for you to choose from.
The service, staff, ambience, and food is on point.
I can name a dozen of these hole-in-the-wall, ethnic food restaurant grocery stores.
But even if the other food is only semi decent, the naan will definitely make up for it.
This grocer/deli/butcher specializes in products from germany and the other german-speaking countries like austria and switzerland.
I find europeans eat seasonally (i.e you don't get real strawberries in january...) and their foods reflect this.
Autumn usually means more desserts and baked goods with apples or stone fruits for instance.
They also have a charcuterie selection of meats and cheeses to delight any guest.
If you're a fan of indian food then give sunny asian a try!
I snagged the last sample of the "simply ginger donut"  which was absolutely delicious!
They had buddha beer, which i love, and their salmon is delicious.
They've got all the seasonings you could ever need, endless ingredients, cooking tools, and many convinence foods.
If whole foods and sprout's and a little cafe had a baby this would be the place!
This is a true testament to the employee loyalty and happiness when it comes to getting some awesome food.
Their food is pretty awesome i must admit even if you like meat or vegan...
Absolutely outstanding variety of veg & vegan food!!
Everything i have had has been delicious!
The food selection is pretty standard but they offer great prices that easily beat safeway and bashas.
You wouldn't know that some great food is hidden in this small gem of a grocery store.
Fresh, delicious, authentic indian food for veg and non-veg.
I think it's best described as a combination grocery store, gourmet food shop and target with an emphasis on food.
However.....  everything and i do mean everything on the menu is delicious.
I've never seen so many different exotic fruits.
The french pancakes w/ honey, fresh fruit and crème fraîche are fantastic (think crepes)!
You can also get freshly made korean and chinese food.
The staff is friendly and very helpful, the lines move quickly, and they have a great deli area!
I love that they sell local foods here and i wish we had one on east side!!!
It's better to eat organic and local foods rather than the processed and imported foods.
I really like their herbal supplements and the whole foods brand works just fine.
Their bulk section is great, and their store brand products are delicious and they have some great local finds.
In a craft beer wasteland of walmart, food dog and bi-lo in belmont this place is great to have around.
They always have delicious and innovative sounding specials.
The carne asada  torta is delicious!!
While i was there i did some investigating, since i like to cook japanese foods (especially sweets like dango).
I didn't visit the deli area on this occasion.
Oops i mean whole foods.
For produce i'll either go to loblaws or get home delivery by wanigan.
Maybe this is just my first experience with southwest food in the southwest.
And yeah, like ashley d. said below, $2.99 deli sandwiches.
And we actually had a shopping cart that wasn't broken down, like when we were in seafood city.
Just like seafood city, they have a wide variety of items, produce, meat, and fish.
In seafood city, there were multiple vendors to choose from to get food, and a lot of tables and seating.
I'm assuming most of their customers get their food to go.
So sad we don't have this place or seafood city in nj/ny area!
Anyway, definitely a great place to pic up snacks/groceries/yummy filipino food.
And blow away, like fluffy dandelion seeds.
The vet kept trying new meds and more expensive dog "food"  but things kept getting worse.
And check out the bakery/deli section.
Fresh foods made daily, clean inside and out and always received excellent service from the staff there.
Almost like food truck town in a brick and mortar.
This is the fruit that is used to flavour earl grey tea, and it is delicious.
It is full of so many different items and healthy foods.
In the end, tj's quality of products, food,  and prices cannot be beaten!
Although i love sprouts, whole foods, and costco--tj will always remain on my rotation.
Fresh bread and an amazing deli.
It's the kind of deli you just don't see anymore.
I went and had lunch with my family the first time and the food was great.
Awesome little corner store filled to the rafters with delish food at great prices.
I had a delicious honey almond milk iced latte, turkey sandwich, and delicious cucumber salad!!!!
Everything looks delicious, and the staff are very friendly and make the lines move quickly!
I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty, health food!
I always come here for party necessities, snacks, plastic containers, or even some fresh fruits or veggies.
Great selection of foods.
I had a large coffee (delicious viennese blend) and the croque madame.
There is the lgo pizzeria next door/attached and it is also super delicious.
The food is always delicious and made fresh with high quality ingredients.
Also later in the day they offer pizza and burgers that are really delicious!
We ate at their food court.
(granted, the prices of these items are significantly higher than the prices at whole foods.
Even the gourmet deli, cheese, and bakery sections are "jazzier" than the one at my corner of the world!
Pros: free parking and admission, food in every nook and cranny, expansive gift shop (maybe too expansive?
El rancho excels in fresh prepackaged and freshly made foods.
About half the section is devoted to their baked goods, hot foods, beverages, and butcher area.
The prices at the hot foods section are very reasonable and they have filling breakfasts in the morning.
I opened up the box and it smelled delicious.
I love the variety of food you can get at the freshly prepared section.
Spacious and a lot of food and beverage options.
Great food, especially the english muffins!
They have good quality food, and the best prices in town.
A fun place to hang out and the food is always exceptional.
It was buttery and delicious.
There are plenty of italian delis claiming to be real...nah.
I've never grabbed something from the deli, but it's on the list.
Little authentic italian grocer with these great hot foods avail daily.
Better than foodlion (sorry babe), not as good as fresh market.....very different than traders.......but still my favorite!
Well, in order to impress her, i wanted to have her favorite sweet (french macaroons) delivered as a surprise.
As for the quality of the french macaroons my lady friend said that they were delicious!!
I hate food shopping period.
They have a huge selection of gf foods.
Great place to shop for food and housewares at a good price.
The deli or food court is decent but super small so they do not compare to nations experience.
Many name brands, well lit and everything from fruit, ice cream, beer and wine to toothpaste, milk, etc.
This is definitely the best mexican food in calgary.
No tex-mex here, this is truly authentic mexican food.
Otherwise, support your local bulk food store!
Nice selection of live fish and seafood.
This is the closest whole foods to buffalo.
Great food and ambiance.
Fun place with great food.
Friendly staff, great prices, gas pumps, excellent deli and staff, great produce department, ample parking.
While checking out jollibee, i just had to also go into seafood city to try out their food court.
This is a great place to spend a couple of hours with the kids and have some delicious treats.
They got hot and ready mexican food and all types of mexican meats at their butcher.
Such great selections on seafood and seasonings.
Great selections on filipino delights!
Chicken breasts, though, and they were delicious.
I'll definitely be returning to try out more delicious items on the menu.
Don't expect to get all of your shopping done here, just the basics and your favorite whole foods brand things.
I don't think they accept food stamps, so the first of the month is just another day at heinen's.
Though i wish they could still get a better handle on their frozen food items.
My mom is recovering from an illness and needed some groceries delivered asap.
I've been looking for a grocery home delivery service in pittsburgh for years.
Local artisan cheeses cost less at whole foods.
Concrete floors and metal bays where they shove palettes of food in is a yuck.
Their selection of fresh flowers, fruits, vegetables, pastries ... frozen items to sundries ...
It was a lot of food but it was so flavorful, well made and quality...
We had the fruit waters (delicious and no sugar added) but i'd like to return to try their smoothies.
The only negative thing is that you sometimes have to wait forever at the deli.
Such a good selection of all healthy foods.
The food prices are a bit high i have to say .
This was my first time eating ethiopian food and i must say that it was a wonderful experience.
I don't like very spicy food and she tweaked some of her recipes to accommodate my tastes.
I feel like at a new york deli here so definitely this a neighborhood gem.
Big family b-day party), i wanted to share my absolute delight for cole turner, and his bake team at lgo.
The prepared meals they have in the deli section used to be larger portions and less starchy options.
Great natural foods section here.
That prompted me to write a review about my love for wholefoods!
Back to wholefoods we only bought our groceries at wholefoods while we were living in the states.
Having been to the wholefoods in toronto & dmv, i must confess something.
It was interesting to find that the wholefoods in the dmv actually sold maple syrup from canada!
In the usa - i also went to wholefoods to buy my sunscreen.
Another hit, are the hot food & salad stations.
The hot food was always hot, and the cold food always tasty.
Please read examples in my other wholefoods reviews.
You can count on uber-fresh, high quality food and products here!
And the service, and experience, is always always always delightful!
He raves about serbian food all the time and how delicious the meats are.
Basically, you order at the counter and the guy prepares your food.
:) from renting filipino dvd,banks, fast food, & grocery...
They also have loads of specialty foods, including jams and spreads, as well as some gift items.
), it's a no-frills shopping place for those looking for indian/ pakistani foods.
A small seating area means you can devour the delicious stuff from their kitchen---both vegetarian and non-vegetarian--piping hot!
It's like my go to place for all the filipino/asian foods!
If you're looking for filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.
The deli and bakery are top notch.
Very good selection at deli, plenty of speciality items like amish cheeses.
Meat department and cheese counter are the clear winners, prepared foods good as well.
The staff is friendly and consists of the typically eclectic whole foods bunch.
A little trivia - they only whole foods to ever go union, albeit briefly.
Also i'm surprised that many people who live in madison don't know there is a whole foods.
My opinion is that whole foods and the coop can coexist.
Ground chicken-less than $3 for the 1.25lb vip deli turkey- low sodium choice and very good $2 less than smiths.
Tillamook yogurt- every flavor is natural and delicious.
You want food that's healthy but tastes great?
They always care about how my experiences are and if i'm enjoying the food.
Tvs usually showing news and/or food network (it's nice to get a break from sports literally everywhere else).
There are few chinese food market near downtown area,but the tink holl is my favorite!
They have fresh seafood,fresh fruits what i really like.
Besides that, i enjoyed my fat english muffin with delicious grape jelly.
They've got all types of groceries from the pacific; from snacks to fruits, to even sugar cane sticks.
The veggie burger was made in house and was delicious.
There's also a butcher and small market that sells various food items and alcohol inside.
Make sure if you are an amazon prime costumer to scan your code (whole foods app) and save even more!
Their produce and fresh fruit is expensive but their bagged veggies are a great price.
Their cheese selection is awesome and way cheaper than whole foods.
So delighted to find a caribbean grocery store and kitchen in the west valley.
Otherwise, you may end up with a cart full of food you weren't planning on getting.
Their bulk food section can't be beat.
They also have a quality service deli and meat counter.
I buy my food here because it's healthy and i don't want to die from the swine flu.
I love sprouts because they have a large selection and very competitive prices for healthy organic food.
If you're looking for the widest variety of filipino food and grocery items, seafood city is definitely 6 stars.
Expect long lines at the food court so come a earlier or a bit later than standard meal times.
Expect a buffet of filipino food choices from meals to deserts, drinks and snacks.
Parking is free in front inside the plaza but since seafood city opened, parking has been packed!
The seasonings are fresh and you could actually smell the fruit!
Go and order tacos from their deli counter!
You will not regret paying $2.50 for these delicious morsels!
Good selection of food, beer and wine.
Both were delicious, but eat your fries fast, so they are nice and warm.
The hamburger buns are awesome so delicious and not hard!!!
Other than that, the indian food they bring out for lunch takes my breath away.
Food is consistent, items in the store are always changing for the seasons and they have really cute things.
They were washed but no polished and there were chucks of old food on them.
I love sprouts and their bulk food bins.
So much specialty food here.
The food is so fresh!
Great variety of food and drinks.
Awesome food and if you go for breakfast i highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice.
I love the quality of the food, especially the produce and the meats.
I don't frequent the deli much but it seems fairly good for variety at least.
Several times a day fresh puerto rican food.
The food was very tasty.
This store has lots of food items, and very little else.
There's a variety of foodstuffs as well as a few household items.
If i ever need korean foodstuffs, i will return.
Cheap but delicious red wines.
They have food and stuff and it's all really good and very affordable.
Everything about the restaurant and market are delightful.
From heaped salad bowls and bagels, to indian food, chances are you'll find something tasty to eat.
If you haven't been to el charrito and you're a fan of mexican food you've been missing out.
While not fancy inside it serves the tastiest, freshest mexican street food in calgary.
Great store, allways fresh vegetables and fruits.
But the food is delicious.
My favorite food in all of mother earth is now here.
The prices in the bulk foods section blows my mind.
Besides fruit and vegetables, sprouts also had decent prices on meats that are not treated with antibiotics and hormones.
Today was the first time ever shopping in food city & we were amazed!
They also have a great selection of cheeses, prepared foods, and mezzes.
They also carry a full range of specialty groceries and a nice selection of fresh vegetables.
Good food, friendly service.
There is a bar and a few different food options inside of this old warehouse.
I believe the secret is "kyle's vodka" which is deliciously infused.
The garnishes were so delicious too!
We also ordered a delicious salmon bagel sandwich that was $8.
The deli is very good.
Their food is always fresh and the people that work there are fast and friendly.
They have so many options for fresh fruit, smoothies etc.
This is some delicious authentic mexican food!
They have toys, gear (like high chairs and slings), food and more!
It's fresh, delicious and price is good.
Big parking, actually it's not just seafood supermarket.
It's asian seafood supermarket.
You can find various asian food, vegetables, noodles, sweets etc.
The breakfast menu is reasonable and the food is worth every penny and then some.
We tried the french pancakes (crepes) with fresh fruit and the croque madame and the venice beach burrito.
Very healthy, feel good food.
The selection is second-to-none, and the food generally appears fresh.
That being said, i'm a bit wary of any open bins or uncovered food like dried fruit and such.
She makes everything to order, so not only is your food organic and healthy, it's also guaranteed to be fresh.
The food and experience are truly authentic, as evidenced by the many ethiopians who frequent the restaurant.
On a visit with my sister, i had a taste for some authentic mexican food.
I love coming here for food.
I'll have their home made granola, yogurt & fruit, before i run into work.
The grilled tuna and turkey sandwiches are really good, always with a side of sliced fresh fruit.
The food was pretty good here.
Great spot for fresh seafood.
If u want good food at reasonable price, go here.
The food we tried was delicious.
I also noticed that table of four people had each plate delivered to them one by one and not together!
It very delicious and certainly unique.
It's basically a baby whole foods or earth fare - everything available is somewhere high up on the "crunchy" spectrum.
For older kids, earth's best food, non pvc/bpa feeding supplies.
They have a wide selection of food, drinks, and other odds and ends.
The food is delicious and having curbside pickup makes it a no brainer for lazy friday nights.
(eeew)   i yakked up the salad afterwards, but it had nothing to do with the food or the ill-fated thongs.
The gift shop items are priced outrageously but they're fun to look at while you wait for your food.
The deli is located straight back once you enter and has a big chalkboard with the menu items.
The cashiers and deli cooks are friendly and welcoming.
Big, fresh, juicy, and very delicious.
Not everything is great but it's better than most delis.
Super moist and soooo delicious!
Produce - one of my favourite places to buy fruits & vegetables!
They have a deli and a small store in the front part.
Our first time to try island pacific, recommended by family friend, to buy grilled food.
Here's a quick summary: grilled store: food is exceptionally delish!
Super nice staffs and delicious food.
Frozen items, dry goods, seasonings, fresh vegetables, snacks and many more...great location...
They were extremely pleasant and explained their foods to me.
We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything.
The restaurant has excellent food.
This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
Outdoor, indoor, recreation, food, crafts, etcetcetc.
Food samples are always a bonus, especially since we all tend to get hungry when going grocery shopping.
Delicious vegetarian & vegan eats served here.
Both items are still very delicious.
:)    the menu is bigger with a lot more delicious sounding options than before.
Food came out quickly and was brought to our table by the nice young lady who made our order.
The food is superb, the service is quick, the ambiance, fantastic.
The bento boxes at tokyo japanese food store are the most authentic japanese meals in pittsburgh.
They also have some pretty delicious salads and sandwiches.
The eggs came with shaved parmesan cheese and ranchero sauce, fruit and an english muffin.
Homemade, delicious, and soft...it was to die for!
The food was ready in about 6 minutes.
I love love love this place, it's an everything store, from deli, grocery, appliances, home goods, to furnitures!
Bustling fun market and restaurant to shop for interesting gifts and nick knacks and delicious drinks and food.
Lots of delicious choices for vegetarians, vegans and gluten-free enthusiasts.
Check out some food magazines for the lists of recommended aldi wine to impress your guests without breaking the bank.
I received great customer service this past morning at safeway deli from an associate named nee nee.
I even noticed in the produce department they had little cuties (fruit) for kids to enjoy while shopping.
Food here is excellent.. tacos are authentic, burritos are massive, quesadillas were some of the best i had.
Overall great authentic food which is decently priced.
This place does get hot inside so might want to take your food to go.
This is a great whole foods.
The salad bar is good but not as well stocked as other whole foods.
Deli, meat, household goods and everything a guy or gal could want.
I also have other food allergies that they are happy to help with.
With sale items and our fry's card, we bought a ton of food for about $75.
If you want fast food go get a big mac.
Very fresh and organized produce area, bakery area and seafood and meat area.
The entire menu looks delicious!
Went inside to check it tonight and was glad to see they carry all your asian food necessities.
Great options for great food.
Delicious and authentic tacos on the main.
There's a bakery and 2 restaurants with delicious offerings.
The hong kong restaurant, their soups are delicious.
And even all their side dishes they offer in the deli case in front of the restaurant is delish.
There deli department always is stocked with there fresh fried chicken and all there other delicious lunch goodies.
If you want a great korean food experience, there's nowhere better to go than here for some homemade food.
Not only do they have a wonderful selection of chiles, they also offer frozen homemade mexican delights.
They have an awesome inventory of seafood!
This is a must for seafood lovers in las vegas who want to make their own dishes!
I'm a foodie, so i do not joke.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this wonderland of foods.
Tommy personally delivered the bag to my house that's 5 miles away from this location.
Safran has top quality products, and their deli case is filled with delicious in-house foodstuffs.
Plenty of prepared food options.
Whenever it's busy, they have plenty of people to run the cash registers and serve food.
I ordered with them a few times and i have to say, i was impressed with their sameday delivery service.
I would definitely buy food from them again!
The staff is friendly everywhere from the seafood and meat department to deli and bakery.
In general, the produce is quite fresh and the deli meats are good.
Never tried their prepared foods or sandwich area but looks good!
Fresh frozen noodles are here to take home and cook and they are delicious.
They have everything here but not korean food.
Great fresh chinese vegetables.
The deli counter offers some pretty good cooked options, but can be pricy.
They have a wonderful fresh meat counter and an excellent selection of good veggies and fruits.
They could have a larger natural/organic/health food area, but that isn't their primary gig.
A man that cares about his customers just as much as he cares about his family and food.
You won't see better customer service anywhere, frenchie's is more than just a deli, it's perspective on life.
It is however, a natural foods store.
I would however, stay away from the bulk foods.
Still cheaper than whole foods on most comparable products.
Very organized, clean, beautiful fruits and vegetables.
It's like a trader joes but for fruits and vegetables.
This place inspires me to cook new dishes and to try new foods from all over the world.
Burritos were much better than chipotle and the meat were seasoned very nicely with delicious rice inside too.
Delicious prepared food, soups.
Food: - applewood smoke chicken burgers: these wee so easy to prep and turned it delicious.
- sesame salmon stir-fry: this was absolutely delicious!
Love this restaurant, easy, quick and the food is fabulous.
This store is like heisenberg's crystal blue for foodies.
Make sure you stop in the fresh seafood market in the back of the store.
They have the most exotic offerings (fresh eel, anyone) and it's a food market lover's delight.
It's a nice activity--an ounce of wine with a bite of food.
Often the wine or food tastings are on sale.
We like the different fruits, breads, sales on fish, and bulk items.
I was impressed with the variety and quality of fresh foods.
However, nice selection of prepared foods either at the deli, or in the frozen section--all locally sourced, too.
The hummus and lentil soup are both creamy and quite delish.
There is also an array of prepackaged foods, though some can be understandably pricey since they are imported.
I'm sure i'd like this place more if i had an unlimited budget to spend on food.
The meat and seafood selections are fine and the tuna steaks we purchased were very fresh tasting.
Beef shawarma and kafta kabob were delicious.
Cafe, pastry shop, deli and groceries...one stop shop for all things italian.
I've always lived somewhere with a whole foods.
(heck, even kansas has a whole foods, and charlotte is finally getting one in summer 2012?)
Yes, whole foods is whole paycheck, but it's fantastic on all levels.
The salad bar has some great options-- fruits and proteins and several kinds of lettuce.
Wf has a killer oatmeal bar too, with steel cut oats, quinoa, and barley and fresh fruits and toppings.
There will be a mob of children in the prepared foods/burger counter.
The vegetable soups can be thin.
The seafood and meats counter are good-- but really do lack some selection wf is famous for.
The convergence of many great local and tasty food trucks adds to the atmosphere.
Love this place, besides all the great grocery options....the chinese restaurant in the front is amazing food.
It's better than whole foods especially if you buy bulk items sprouts is the best.
Some areas even have delivery as an option.
No other place i've found has better sales on fresh fruits & vegetables every week.
The best day to go is on wednesdays where they have extra special deals on specific fruits and vegetables.
They also have a food court area where they serve up popular mexican dishes at a good price.
I've never eaten ate the food court but the food looks good.
Open, well lighted, wide aisles, full deli and bakery.
My wife had the seafood fried rice.
I didn't really get to grab a taste but it had shrimp and other seafood.
So i would have to say that this is probably one of my favorite vietnamese restaurants because of the food.
Not only a market but a deli and fabulous liquor store as well.
The deli is wonderful.
Quickly pick up the necessities, baked goods, and deli options.
This gem is one of the best delis around.
On top of that, there's pet food, medicine, and paper products.
Also their ready to go food section is handy if you do not want to cook.
So glad that they replace the food lion that was here previously...
Foods are delicious, people are friendly, not much to complain.
The produce and prices are very fair comparing to whole foods.
This place reminds me of some health food market you'd find in asheville.
Top that whole foods!
A small amount of dog food items can be found here, soaps, herbs/spices, frozen foods, some vegetables, etc.
Great meat counter for beef, pork and deli meats.
Solid produce, bulk nuts and dried fruits, and spices sections for a corner store.
Double the bags so that the food won't fall through the bottom!
Really good food really fast, clean and cute inside, pleasant staff, reasonable prices.
Also, included in the price of the grand is the chinese and italian food bars.
I liked the deli and ability to get freshly cut meats and cheeses.
I will be going back just to continue to try new foods and expand my palate.
The best mediterranean food i've ever had.
Great atmosphere, good selection of muffins and other food.
It's hard to find people in the retail/food industry who smile genuinely.
At the deli if you order the "all natural" turkey, they clean the slicer thoroughly before they slice the turkey.
I've never seen that anywhere else, and it's great for those with food sensitivities who don't want cross-contamination.
You linger longer in the store, and buy more food.
Never purchase meat, sea food or produce anywhere else anymore.
Goes off to food city for keeping the prices better than anywhere else.
I go here for vegetables mostly.
Just don't buy the packaged deli meats.
Contrary to what people believe, they do carry white man's food, like pasta and potatoes.
I am usually there around breakfast time and there are always people grabbing, what looks like, a delicious hot breakfast.
They do this delicious big cookie made with oats and chocolate (or berries) which i have quickly become addicted to.
This cute little italian fruit shop is actually huge!
The cafe is back and the food looks delicious!
Food from the kitchen is super good.
Return policy is great for produce when you get less than perfect fruit and veggies.
), great variety in products and i have been especially delighted w their frozen food items!!
The food is very affordable.
Which is understandable but i come mainly for fresh food so that can be disappointing.
There's a good selection of drinks, dried snack items, chips, fresh fruit, and ice cream to round out your meal.
Great selection of imported italian foods.
To me its like a poor mans whole foods, so that already makes me happy.
A small portion of vegetables including those big carrots you only see on loney tunes.
Their produce section is usually spotless and filled with gorgeous fruits and veg.
Delicious for a whopping price of $1.
If you're in food business, you can visit this place for wholesale price with a membership showing you're in business.
Also, there are organic frozen vegetables..
Everything was very delicious and we will go back.
Stopped in market on way out and got the sugar cane drink, banana drink, and some fresh jackfruit.
Just ask them like they're people, and not like you're some uppity foodie.
Their own recipe kielbasa is delish.
This is a shop that handles the wic (formerly food stamp) program.
The store is pretty great for health food necessities   ready to eat food and beverages:   fresh squeezed juices - amazing!!!!!!
Pizza, greasy a tad burnt but ok tasting  salad- ok  pineapple- delicious!!
This juice makes me feel great and is incredibly delicious.
You will definitely know where your food comes from here, or should i say know the people who grow it.
If you want great prices on great food then this is the place to go shopping for groceries.
The prices are cheap but they have some of the most highest quality and fresh foods around.
They have so many options, organic fruits and veggies are on point.
Might be tastier than the food itself!
If you go around lunchtime on the weekend, they give out free samples of food too!
The food here is also quite good!
Really great food an awesome value because they pack everything i could want from a mediterranean meal.
The food here is phenomenal, and the people are friendly and cool.
- bulk food aisle: good variety, and they have carob chips (try them, they're like not-as-bad-for-you chocolate chips).
- salad bar/prepared foods: delicious.
The two gentlemen in the deli are super helpful, always kind.
Even if we are not getting deli stuff we still make it a point to see her and say hello.
I bought it every grocer in the valley including food city and just simply never tasted right.
Great place to shop organic, or for specialty foods - if you have allergy issues such as gluten intolerance.
They have a lot of  variety of exotic food that can be found.
Like like like.. food tastes great.. and i had tried many of the things in the menu.
The food here is pretty amazing.
But the food alone keeps me a fan!
Decent vegan groceries that aren't from whole foods.
The restaurant is alway clean and the food is excellent.
If you are looking for good affordable mediterranean food there is no better place to go.
So many fresh produce and different foods to try.
The food here is delicious and it helps that the workers are friendly in service.
Good locally produced frozen foods.
The inconsistent: prepared foods, fresh fish (sometimes not-so-fresh), house-made desserts.
Shop here instead of whole foods--especially to support local.
Though kuo hua is small compare to a real supermarket, but it is well stocked with taiwanese food items!
Very large, reasonably priced, fine selection of good food.
Shipping & supplies - fast delivery!!!
The portugeuse nata pastries were deliciousness, it was my first time trying them and i'd strongly recommend it.
Olives et café noir is cute boutique of healthy food with a coffeeshop.
I love their sales, prices and variety of different foods.
It's clean and their vegetables are fresh.
So many delicious treats and snacks to try that it's always an exciting trip to trader joes.
I feel like people ought to realize the real cost of food.
Time after time they deliver.
I find the oddest, hard to find foods there too!
Very good food and service was great.
Can't beat the price for the quality of food served.
So i was craving filipino food and my co-worker suggested kusina ni lorraine.
If you want authentic filipino food you should go here and it won't burn a hole in your wallet either.
Tasted delicious - with a bit of a kick due to the spices.
My review is for the stir fried rice stick with seafood and vegetables #22.
The seafood included shrimp, calamari and the best cooked scallops i have had in a while.
Both seafood and vegetables were very fresh.
The thick cut strip steaks were terrific, even after freezing and thawing--cooked up perfectly and tasted delicious and tender.
Just starting to cook thai food.
It's a small little market but has some of the best food and coffee.
For me, this market is like a blend of smiths and whole foods.
Fruits and veggies are fresh, and they have a decent selection of meats.
Although i would like some grass-fed beef, to at least provide an alternative to whole foods for this.
They have good stock of vitamins and supplements, and they carry green vibrance, a pretty good "super food" product.
Sunflower has a great selection of natural foods, dietary restriction foods, and organic foods.
No, but that's what smith's, whole foods and trader joes are here for.
We had the tacos anyways and delicious.
I come here to shop for good food and i'm a vegetarian.
My husband and i are total food snobs.
We only shop in the produce section and the health food section.
The uptown location is smaller than the average whole foods market but it definitely has a wide selection.
The deli area has tasty lunch special that are ready for pick up daily.
Awesome grocery store if you are a foodie who appreciates organic and natural food options at a lower price point.
And they have awesome chocolates, anton berg for example and a lot of other european food products.
I want to give a special thanks to amanda in the deli and johnathan in the meat case area.
Nice selection of quality meats, but the seafood selection is a little light.
We shop here once a week on average and will continue to do so once whole foods opens up.
This is my favorite spot to stop and pick up fruits & vegetables.
They have a deli,ready to go meals, salad bar, and much more to choose from other than fruit and vegetables.
But its true, overall the hot food has definitely lacked in taste since ownership traded hands to loblaws.
After our delicious breakfast we walked to the market for a bit of shopping.
I bought 2 great eggplant for a dollar each and they were delicious!
Staff is welcoming and the food is fresh af.
We've been coming here for years and there is no other place to go for delicious mediterranean food.
I have often scored things on sale, including day-old bread from prairie mill which is delicious.
I went here tonight with my sister, we have been enjoying vietnamese food all our lives.
Dragon fruit, dried seaweed, fresh fish and seafood are some of my favourites.
Greek salad with chicken was delicious and filled with flavor!
Food-to-go counter is a great place for home style, low budget food.
They also have some amazing prepared foods behind the counter.
And it was delicious.
As for the food, we also love the blt and pb and j 2.0.
Their strudel is delicious, especially the apricot.
The food was warm and delicious.
Good selections on my weird healthful foods, and well sorted.
I love their homemade sausages and beef jerky - it is so delicious!
Lowest prices i've ever seen for a health food store with quality and quantity that rivals whole foods.
At whole foods it would have been $30 easy.
So delicious and very affordable!
Their paneria and juice bar are top notch, with fresh baked goods and delicious juices made on premises.
The food area is great, fast service and excellent customer service.
Kohli also sells some hot foods to go such as samosas.
Nice market for healthy food and meats.
They carry a vast selections of health food brands.
The food here is really good and fresh.
Foods from all over the world and the freshest most flavorful  produce.
Great food, service, and price...
The gentleman in the kosher food dept.
The food is plentiful and fresh, the price is great and the staff is equally as friendly as the store.
(if you buy one of these soaps---just like fresh fruit---i'd suggest washing it well before using.
We recently started getting premade food from their small but efficient kitchen.
We also like the carne asada, chili verde and their delicious pastries.
The store has beer, also meats, jams, and food that can be prepared for bbq, like sausages.
The items in the "grocery store" area were prepared salads, prepared sandwiches, yogurt, fruit juices, fruits, etc.
This is one of the cleanest resturaunt ive ever been to & has great & delicious foods.
I made a delicious meal with carlo's mushroom sauce.
This place is off the book delicious.
Amazing chicken curry, kofta and tabouli, rice and assorted deliciousness.
The produce was incredibly fresh and the takeout food is perfect.
The takeout chinese food is some of the best!
We generally shop at trader joe's ad whole foods for some things but always go to reid's for the protein.
Whole foods without the pretentiousness!
Are trying out some of their take-out prepared foods.
You don't even need a bike or the 54a to take you over hill to whole foods, no sweat!
Kusina ni lorraine wasn't a bad place, i loved the food.
It was a store and a restaurant together, the store had your common filipino foods, even frozen ones.
Delivery fee is very reasonable (cheaper than ttc or a taxi) and free when you spend over $65.
Delivery person offered to help me get items to the kitchen which i didn't need (but how nice!).
Small little store in chinatown that specializes in southeast asian fruits (my go-to place for such items).
How about fine food market place until i sort out another term.
Do not get me wrong it's not just two large rooms of food.
A wall of single serving gourmet take-away meals are kitty corner and then one of my favourites the seafood bar.
I had a container of marinated seafood with crackers for a light lunch at the end of my rounds.
Chicago is known for its food, and for a good reason.
The food is amazing!!
I'm not sure who can say otherwise...perhaps they don't know good mediterranean food?
We tried a few new things a seafood bowl with scallops shrimp octopus squaid and more and it was delicious.
Love the apron demo area people, especially marleen, great coffee & ice cream bar, deli, pharmacy, and fantastic layout!
We avoided process foods prior to our signing on with fresh fork and tried to eat healthy home cooked meals.
Fresh fork has really allowed us to expand our food repertoire.
We receive a bag of food each week - produce, meat, grains, etc.
The food is always fresh and very flavorful.
Our family has tried foods we never thought we would - kohlrabi, chorizo, and mustard green to name a few.
Artisan cheeses are delicious.
Also had a diabolo spicy pizza from their pizza oven and it was delicious.
Everything i've tried has been delicious.
My interns also enjoyed most of the food they ordered.
I was delighted to find chocolate from poland here.
It's the best mediterranean food i've had in the valley.
Their hot food section is stupendous!
They have take and bake pizza, hot food to pick-up and a deli.
There are also sales that they run at the hot food counter.
I love your chinese food, but i hate your prices.
In all it was a really delicious meal, and a really great deal at 10 bucks.
Delicious food with good vegan options and excellent service.
Pharmacy, and clothing to follow .housewares, deli, dairy produce, bakery, checkouts all on the perimeter of the store.
Bulk foods, frozen foods, cereals, to laundry detergents l-r.
If you dig organic, healthy and/or natural foods you must give healthy home market a try.
Offers sushi, has a starbucks, larger selection of healthy food choices and is always usually stocked with what i'm seeking.
La tamalera is the good one worth returning for service/food/price.
Fabulous meat, great produce, deli, beer selection.
Love that it has a british food section.
I've recently purchased fruits in season on sale and meats for my family that was fresh and delicious.
I was so surprised with the quality and selection of foods, produce, meats, beverages,snacks, etc.
I ordered 26, combination seafood with rice stick soup and hubby had number 14, vermicelli with char grilled pork.
A must for any foodie.
They also have an entirely separate health food section, as well as bulk items priced by weight.
Lots of good frozen, prepared foods like buns and fish balls too!
They can also arrange for delivery.
I would give 5 stars for the food deliciousness level, but i would give 3 stars for the wait.
The arabic salad is my favorite, but the hummus and other options are delicious too.
I also noted they have an excellent food selection and ice cream flavors (green tea, mango, etc) and mochi.
Good prices on coffee, canned goods, boxed foods, etc.
Healthy foods without the whole foods prices.
Lots of food, candies and products from all over the world.
Hippy, hipster grocer with delicious hot food and awesome staff!
Forgot to mention the prices are great & just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious !
-delicious salad dressings and grab & go salads!
Great prices, efficient service, and really good food!
Try the carmel comet, it is delicious!
$10 membership for 1 year gets you the best selection of packaged international foods in las vegas.
Their meat and dairy prices are also overall reasonable, especially when compared to whole foods, for example.
The made to order pizzas & the freshly made sandwiches were delicious.
An ample of specialty foods & wines too!!
Not only did they answer my questions, but they printed out recipies for me, gave me free grapefruit and advice.
Love the food, as i munch on my chocolate from around the world!
I'm a fatty obsessed with food.
Call me a foodie anthropologist.
The selection of fruits, vegetables,cheese, breads are  vast and a little overwhelming.
They have extensive deli counter and in house bakery.
They used to have a separate natural food section, but to my chagrin it is integrated into the main supply.
, to tamales , to fresh fruits and veggies or plants.
There are cheeses , breads , live  music , food trucks and sometimes dancing in the street!
The food trucks are always a treat too.
Overall i loved the atmosphere here and it reminded me of a newer aged take on traditional portuguese food.
The meal was delicious but definetly a newer variation of a traditional sandwich.
Excellent food, felt authentic and the set up was very cool.
It was nice to look around the market after a delicious meal.
The best selection of produce, deli and bakery in a grocery store i've ever shopped.
Fresh salad bar and prepared foods.
The macaroons are delicious too.
My local food lion.
If i am buying frozen vegetables then the deals here crush those at ht.
The deli meat is much cheaper and i can't tell the difference.
This is the best place to shop for food in the valley.
Their produce is worlds better than anyone's (even whole foods and trader joe's), and their prices are unbelievable.
You can say no wrong to me about milano fruiterie!
However their selection of quality italian goods and food is not matched anywhere in the area.
I've been a member for years and they have built a great community around good food!
Yay for alternative diets and local foods and bulk options and community and just coffee!
Sometimes the prices are on par with whole foods, sometimes they are lower.
People are always complaining about overpriced mexican food.
Good music, good vibes, good food, good service, all for a good price.
This is going to be my new go to for any mediterranean food or cooking needs.
You choose your food and they ask for your card.
It was the first specialty/ health food store i had gone to when i first moved here.
The food was really good also the service.
Really delicious ice cream sandwiches they're sold individually and they're in the back corner of the freezer.
They'll deliver or you can pick them up.
(quite the combo i know, but i promise it's all delicious)   the only down side of this place is parking.
Think a cross between an ordinary working-class grocery store, an old-style organic food co-op and whole foods.
If you're pro-local food this is definitely a place to shop.
It's what will help this concept, and the availability of some of the healthiest foods out there, to survive.
Think local coffee shop meets local health food store.
Delicious rising star & heartwood coffee beverages and a build your own smoothie with fresh fruit.
Between whole foods and the farmers market, im covered in the food dept.
See you friday, whole foods!
I love that they have the bulk food!
I am not even a seafood person.
It comes from the seafood area in the back.
I only purchased frozen seafood items so i can't comment on that area.
The produce section is always fully stocked with fresh fruits and vegetables.
It usually has a wide variety of seasonal fruits too.
Everything is ripe and delicious.
You don't even have to look at the junk food aisle if you don't want to.
Sprouts is doing a great job of creating fierce competition for whole foods.
I've had two baskets as of yet, but they were plentiful, delicious, interesting and fun!
Great customer service and even better food!
Very authentic and delicious.
Great specialty food store.
Prepared foods are delicious.
I'm incredibly impressed by this deli.
The best mediterranean food i've had in tempe.
They have a great selection of booze wine beer plus a fresh deli and produce section.
Yes you heard right they have packages of fruit, veggies and other awesome select foods for only 98cents!!
The food is premium and gourmet, sampling stations are delish.
It was my go to for korean food for almost 4 years.
They were the kindest staff with the tastiest korean food!!!
I have never gotten one myself but they look pretty delicious actually.
Pricing is reasonable, more so then safeway but that's strictly for the food.
This place has everything you could want in an international market.well organized and food looks on point!
Food and drinks are provided and a gambling corner is here also.
Unfortunately, i cannot comment on their food since we only had drinks there.
The broth for the vegetable pho is so flavorful and no matter what i order, i am never disappointed.
An incredible assortment of foods (naturally!)
You should try it my foodie friends.
A) it smelled delicious in there and b) it was exactly what i was hoping it would be.
The sandwiches were fresh and delicious and the price point was fantastic.
Because the italian centre have unique products and great food i hope that they expand into nw calgary.
Earth fare's biggest competition in the area is probably whole foods.
The restaurant is by far the best when it comes to indo-pak/bangaldeshi food.
And the food was great too.
It was an overall good experience at a korean style fast food/snack bar.
Much more than just a competitor to sprouts or whole foods(amazon).
Meat, sushi and fresh fruits are outstanding!!
Food, flowers, nick knacs, dishes, everything!
I go all the time for a large iced t($1.60) and delicious.
Uno, dos, tres, delicious!!
Mariana's is the best place in the valley to shop for authentic mexican food and goods.
The best lebanese/arabic food i've had in the metro phoenix area yet!
I am legitimately amazed at the amount  of fruits and veggies i can get for next to nothing.
The food was delicious.
The greek baked goods are delicious!
Basically, everything for the hobbyist to the hardcore chinese foodie.
Cheap fruits and veggies.
And now they have souvlaki, gyros, greek potatoes, pastitsio, entire chicken charcoal pressed and other greek food to go.
There's always 2-3 guys here stocking the fruits and veggies, so it's as fresh as it's gonna be.
Similar to a very small whole foods, but with cheaper prices and some unique options.
I bought cheeses, fruits, yogurt, and bread, enough for 4 days for $22.00.
Their offerings were unique and delicious.
Freshly squeezed fruit/veggie juice was the name of the game for us.
We got cucumber lemon, watermelon, calamansi and passion fruit.
Truly delicious, but cost $20 for the 4.
Really folks, stop buying your dog food here.
Their premade food is tasty, and the soups are awesome.
They sell all the traditional health foods with tons of bulk bins.
They are a much closer alternative to whole foods, but have to read the labels much closer!
I absolutely love the fact that they have a lot of vegan food items.
Everything looked very fresh, and there are live tanks with both fish and seafood.
An easy alternative and an inexpensive one to whole foods.
Highly recommend the delicious muffins!
I love seeing a ton of unique imported food products in one place.
Their cakes are probably ordered in, but they are beautiful and delicious nonetheless.
They have a great deli and carry a lot of craft beer that you can't find at other places.
One of the stops was for some fruit trays at mariana's and i'm so glad!
We headed right over where the fresh fruit trays are made and ordered one.
The fruit trays can be ordered where they make the fresh fruit drinks and smoothies in the eating area.
The fruit trays were $19.99 each and they cut it up fresh right in front of you.
She as well as another kind lady hustled to get all the fruit cut up and meet our needs.
The fruits and veggies were small and nothing spectacular.
I was now back to the fruit drinks and spotted a tasty looking ham sandwich in the case.
I sat at a table in the eating area and had my way with this delicious jamon sammie!
If you're into making smoothies... their frozen fruit is also reasonably priced...  on the other hand...
There's a wine area right by some cheese and they serve food over there.
There's 2 tvs that had " chopped" from food network on.
That being said, loco not only brings these foods to you, but refrains from packaged products.
I love what this place does for the downtown community, including hosting food truck events (wednesday nights and friday afternoons).
We came here almost every day to get their delicious coffee and breakfast.
The waffle is the best i've ever had- topped with fresh fruit and coconut whipped cream...yum.
We'll see you soon, 56th street deli!
Prices are competitive on seafood, for sure, and i enjoyed their selection of fresh mushrooms.
Glad i checked it out, might return for seafood and some produce.
Where else can you get a delicious chicken shawarma sandwich for $4.50?
We were curious about trying a different cultural food... and this place was not disappointing.
Gyro sandwich is delicious!
This place is delicious .
My vegetable pho was so flavorful and had lots of vegetables in it.
Whatever that secret sauce/ mayo they put on their baguette is delicious.
Overall, the food here is authentically delicious and satisfying.
I visit the deli area and bakery almost exclusively, and that is why it gets 4 stars.
They are severely overpriced on most of their other stuff, but their pizzas and cooked food offerings are great.
If you don't, you're most likely buying expired food.
Great store, great take out food, free wifi, i will go out of my way to shop there.
I love all the marketon's they always have good deals on fresh meat and other foods.
However the angel food cake, apple mini danish, and muffins hold a special place in my heart.
Or the lemon poppy muffins...so moist, and big, and delicious!
They have a lot of uniq foods and drinks there.
There's a deli in back with cold cuts and rotisserie chicken.
Kinda wish they would bring back the cheap deli chicken specials!
I love this whole foods location in woodmere.
This whole foods has excellent macaroons, cannoli and cupcakes.
Props to the baking staff at whole foods.
I really enjoy going to this store to get my asian fruits, chicken, and authentic vietnamese food.
The asian fruits are always new and fresh.
My favorite are the mangosteens and jackfruits.
The price is fair for the quality of the food ($8-12).
I would recommend this place if you want to try authentic vietnamese food and fresh asian fruits.
Ahi poke is "a raw seafood salad that is made with soy sauce, green onions, seaweed, and sesame seeds."
Its usually in, straight to the seafood counter, order, pay, go home eat.
This market has a really great selection of mediterranean foods and decent prices.
For those of us on the east side organic/healthy food is hard to come by.
Whole foods and trader joe's is a trek across the valley.
Especially good range of fresh produce, prepared foods,   and cheeses.
Delicious sushi and the best meat around.
Produce is always fresh and delicious.
Great little floral dept, cold deli and hot deli.
Plus the safeway signature frozen foods and other items are better then the brand names!
The place prides itself on quality being a farmer's market and totally shines through with their fresh meats and fruit.
They have a fish seafood section.
The organic and international food selection is amazing here.
I'm a regular here simply because i feel comfortable shopping for vegan food here so i pay the higher prices!
So delicious, and a really good deal.
The molletes were great, but the tacos were out of this world deliciosos.
Stopped in here again recently to buy some delicious quebec cheese.
Great prices on organic fruits and vegetables.
1st would be artisanal foods to get your iberico, escargot, caviar, wagyu, foie gras or what have you.
The seafood is as expansive as the produce.
Meet your food before you eat your food.
I love their food values and find many things here to supplement my csa and conventional grocery store purchases.
Yes, it is expensive but good food is worth it.
Aside from food, they also have kitchen accessories/appliances ranging from plates/silverware to thermos' to rice cookers.
The salsa at los muertos was delicious as well.
Add food to the mix, and i'm sold.
Food/drinks: i'm more of an iced tea drinker than coffee.
The best asian food i've found so far here in calgary.
Lots of tradiitional asian food, and the bakery section is nice.
Plus they have a traditional seafood area as well, as well as a decent fruits / vegetable area.
Plus lots of choices for instant foods and condiments as well.
Finally, the food markets in the area also has everything from roast duck to sushi to vietnamese shrimp rolls.
The food here was amazingly good,  and prices were very fair for the portion of food offered.
And of course, very fresh, healthy and tasty food.
This is the best food option to happen to montreal in years.
The best "natural foods" store in madison with a big selection.
Best selection of locally grown fruits and vegetables, as well as a big emphasis on locally prepared products.
Not my regular store, but if i'm in the area, i'll shop here for my premium foodstuffs.
You don't feel dirty or that the food is questionable here.
Booze, grocery, fresh deli, butcher shop and frozen foods.
Crescent foods is a convenience store with a little more in store than you might expect.
I've found at least one item cheaper at this store when compared to a similar organic/natural foods store.
Great place to get some delicious coffee (from zeke's), a snack, or some fresh produce for dinner.
), and shrimp poboys are all delicious.
Food, clothes, electronics, pet supplies.
You order, wait to be called, collect your food, pay & enjoy.
The food is consistently good and the staff is always friendly & efficient.
Princess is the best arabic food i've had in arizona by a long shot.
The vegetables are always fresh.
Even the best ifbb world champion buys his food from rons market !!!!!!!!!
Also try their avonlea cheese when you get a chance, absolute delight!
It's bigger and has a greater selection of prepared foods.
You will love this place for theiraw foods prepared by amazing raw food chefs.
I like to think of sprouts as a hybrid between trader joe's and whole foods.
I always favor grocery stores that focus on natural and organic foods.
This store delivers on all fronts.
I switched off of expensive rx royal canin dog food to this.
It's the only dog food that is working to keep my dog's skin health and his tummy issues at bay.
This food is roughly $50 less per bag vs. the rx food the vet had us on.
There's some decent food trucks to get your grub on for sure
What's not to like about affordable and delicious food, right?
Excellent food and service!
One of the better grocery warehouses to deliver to.
Just ask them like they're people, and not like you're some uppity foodie.
Their own recipe kielbasa is delish.
This is a shop that handles the wic (formerly food stamp) program.
Food is super good, very easy on your wallet.
Great place for organic foods.
Fresh & easy is awesome, think whole foods without the pretension and trader joe's without the ridiculous prices.
Not as high as whole foods and not as low as large super markets.
We love japanese food and we use yuzu on a lot of things in our diet.
They also have fresh and frozen seafood!
This is a chef's delight!!
As well as a deli with ready to cook food and things already cooked just to be heated.
Great food selection but a little over priced when comparing to woodman's in town.
The deli has all that you'd want/ need and one of the perks within hy-vee is the gluten free section.
They also sell hot food and smoothies with ready to add fresh wheatgrass.
The store's atmosphere is a lot friendlier than whole foods which  feels like a supermarket.
I like it, it's a nice health foods store.
It's like a museum in itself -- food from every imaginable corner of the earth.
Chocolate spread, some delicious bulgarian feta and some super-nommy romanian sausage.
Awww some place, great fruit and good customer service with specially love their coffee, no where can compare to it.
I had a delicious chevre and a yummy blue cheese from here.
I wish we had more delicious cheese places like this in the us!
I tried the buckeye latte, an extremely unique, but absolutely delicious flavor.
Great layout of the store makes it easy to find what you need and food is always top notch!!
You can find a lot of organic healthy food here.
Some fruits and vegetables sold here as well.
Amazon lockers outside for easy pickup location for deliveries :)
The food is very good and prices reasonable.
Also their olives are good, and much less expensive than whole foods.
Routine by making delicious, healthy home-cooking easier than you've ever imagined.
Each recipe is pre-tested in the kitchen for deliciousness and is a wholesome and balanced meal.
The meals are delivered in a big cardboard box and each meal is pre-portioned out into plastic bags.
They also have tons of amazing specialty foods, like marzano tomatoes, and tzatziki sauce.
I also just discovered the other day that they have a wheel of prepared foods that look amazing.
For a little hole in the wall grill, this place has some really good food.
If you like great food and great prices, you'll love this place.
If you love to cook asian food or are attempting to cook asian food, go here.
Although this isn't a fish market, there are plenty of fresh fish and seafood to choose from.
The owner is friendly and they make the food fresh.
The food, tea selection, and music on point.
Great selection of romanian and european foods.
Sausages,  cheeses,  wines, mineral water, fruit preserves,  sweets,  pastries and more!
The blintzes are also good, as i'm sure the rest of their prepared food is.
The bakery delicious, especially the wheat telera rolls -- great flavor!
I love the deli with specialty items like zucchini cakes -- very tasty!
The sandwich was delicious, the chicken well flavored with just the right amount of char.
Delicious home cooked kapampangan cooking!
I don't know what i love more about ef, the fresh produce, supplements, the best body butters, deli, samples...everything!
I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - i live and work super close by!
Food is perfect, staff is friendly and helpful.
Bravo ana for being enterprising and taking a chance with your delicatessen store.
My number one fix for mexican food.
This is the only place i shop for my essential  food items.
I headed into young plantations/reid's fine foods today for the first time in about three years.
I asked about the reid's fine foods items available throughout the store.
(i loved reid's fine foods uptown, and not just because i share a last name with them!)
Still, it's a great place to get fresh local fruits and vegetables.
I'll definitely be heading back there anytime i need a gift of food from the heart for friends!
I had them cook my steaks that i bought and they are delicious!
Their horchata is also delicious, and a regular craving for me on a hot summer day.
Food is always very good - pasta dishes, salads, sandwiches...have never been disappointed.
Lovely produce, great bulk section, bountiful organics, and a deli that can kick any grocer's arse.
A great place for all natural, organic and local products from from food/drink to vitamins and makeup.
I really like their services;  fresh food, friendly people, great recipes and very reasonable prices.
Deli has a great variety and prices.
And now the deli has fresh sushi made daily.
In fact all the food i saw seemed to be the real deal.
Truly a traditional hispanic store with music, food and spices and the traditional non-chalant additutde of pacientce in everything.
This place is less pretentious and less pricey than whole foods.
The produce, the fresh seafood, the organic meat, the dried fruits, the salad bar...
I miss a neighborhood grocery store where you can get fresh delicious food that is both comforting and healthy.
The food is prepared with care like you were to eat at someone's home fo a special occasion.
Someone that makes you feel delighted you have stopped to get a quality sliced meat & cheese.
They had a nice selection of portuguese decorations (think painted roosters), cookbooks, food items and utensils.
The food is fresh and i feel good eating a healthy and tasty meal for lunch.
Never had any flies buzzing around on the food or little nats that are in some other stores fruit area.
Gotta love the deli, i could live off their fresh sandwiches every day
Little bit of a disappointment, as a good bifana sandwich with quality bread is a delicious combination.
The marinated meats are delicious!
What i really liked here was the counter where you ordered fresh, hot food to eat in, or take out.
They give you a lot of food for cheap prices.
For a health store i would hope to find more us product and gmo-free foods.
Otherwise the breads are delicious and enjoyed my shopping trip.
The pre-packaged foods, fruits and veggies make life easier for me.
There prices are slightly higher then trader joes for the amount of food.
Great mix of local food and crafts!
Lots of baked goods, produce, mexican food, coffee and more!
Even without the cooking classes, this is still a great store for all your asian food needs.
They also have a bunch of non-food pseudo-kitchy asian products, which they also sell on their website, http://www.houserice.com.
We bought a fair amount of food that will last us throughout the week.
Worth checking out if you're a foodie.
I got fresh passion fruit juice and my mom got fresh pressed sugar cane juice.
Great little gem nicely presented, healthy food with a variety of fresh ingredients.
Polite staff and great value for the food.
It also now has a small eat in area near the in store starbucks and deli counter and free wifi.
They have sent me home cooking recommendations and even with spices and other toppings to make my grilling taste delicious.
I like the deli for cheese, meats & the soup bar yum!
The best part is the deli.
Awesome new whole foods with friendly staff.
We tried the iced coffee with syrup and it was delish.
It feels like the whole foods in new york city where i used to shop.
We got some cans of wine to enjoy for our funny bus tour and they were delish.
Went there as a part of a walking food tour.
Very reasonably priced prepared foods - great for a snack.
The food here is honestly the best!
The price is extremely affordable, because the food here is beyond flavorful!
Nice people, great for snacks and "emergency" needs like cat food, kleenex, or ice.
I normally separate my general food purveyors into three categories.
Many times when i hosted parties at home, i would drop by and pillaged a menagerie of cooked foods.
I live in prescott and was craving lebanese food.
I googled and found princess market deli, made the drive, it was well worth it!
The food was excellent the service outstanding, it most definitely satisfied my craving.
From now on when i'm in the area this will be my number one selection for lebanese food.
Plain and simple, this place makes good quality food.
The people here respect their food and the people they serve.
If you know what specific asian ingredients/foods you are looking for, this is the place to go.
Very friendly staff, great food and an awesome marker where you can get all sorts of tasty food.
The pho was delicious.
I did notice the prices are kind of high but as long as the food is fresh and clean!!!
The rice dish with chicken was delicious.
It`s a chinese supermarket with really good and fresh fish and some other very awesome chinese food-products.
I tried one of the sandwiches they make fresh to order in the deli - awesome!
Lots of fine things to choose from, large beverage selection and the fruit platters were all great.
All of the fruit was perfectly ripe.
There is always room for good food!
Tremendous food disguised as a gas station grill.
One thing many people have remarked on is the great buffet and dining area food available to eat in-store.
The food at gino's is unbelievable.
The pasta sauces and made-to-order sandwiches are delicious, but the lasagna stands out from everything else.
This place is a total dive but the food is great and its cheap.
On the left is the assorted frozen foods.
It's kind of like the best characteristics of whole foods, copps, and target in one store.
They have quite an extensive selection of higher-end and organic foods and health and beauty items.
I am not vietnamese but i love vietnamese food.
And pursie is my fav deli clerk ever!
Check out mi catering for a delicious chicken burrito!
Great russian food !!
Is loaded with lots of fresh fruits and veggies to choose from.
Quite place and delicious!
It's located close to my job, its services are quick, and they offer a huge variety of food.
They offer foods ranging from general tao to delicious fried chickens.
Constantinos also has a great selection of prepared foods such as pizza, chicken, sushi, sandwiches etc.
I would describe this as a combination of sprouts, trader joes and whole foods.
It really has the look of a whole foods, but in a mini size.
Best mediterranean food in the area with great service.
Their lentil soup and greek salad is delicious.
And the have a great selection of natural/organic foods, which i love!
The food was well prepared and price was very reasonable.
The one i selected was oozing with gooey, warm, apple deliciousness.
They have a deli menu and outdoor tables, although we stopped at ruggeri's afterward.
It was delicious and flavorful!
The steak was likewise very delicious.
The service is great and the food is some of the best i've had.
They had a lot of middle eastern foods, with american items in the mix, too.
They also offer fries, but why the heck would i get fries at a mediterranean deli?
This the coolest, teeny-tiny local deli.
I feel like i was eating high-end "package food."
Try it with three free dishes for your first delivery: http://www.chefsplate.com/?r=3pc-mrlzwf1
It's a hybrid of whole foods and sprouts, just a bit smaller and cheaper.
This is the best place for authentic mexican food!
I love coming in here for a quick lunch and instant fabulous food!
We had to order at the register first, and then the staff brought our food to us.
The complex layers of spice and flavors made each bite delightful.
In a world where we don't have a whole foods (yet?
Delicious mid-east cuisine inside of a ethnic grocery/market.
Dried food, nuts and whatever middle eastern delicacy your little heart desires.
Today was my second visit to this international food marketplace.
When we were finished shopping, my son wanted to try a shake with boba from their hot food restaurant.
It was absolutely delicious and priced right at $6.99 a pound.
The store is packed wall to wall with everything from chinese to latin foods.
The hot food is a life saver.
Sunflower is my one-stop-vegetarian-food-shop!
The middle of store has a section where you can bag up various nuts, seeds, rice, fruit/nut mixes, etc.
The smoked almonds and the trail mix here are delicious and the price can't be beat!
Lots of food choices and variety....wide selection for take out lunch..even had smoked schwartz meat.
I've also heard that the lasagna is hearty and delicious.
I do not do all my food shopping here but i do buy my chicken regularly at the meat counter.
I also got 2 pints of fresh delicious strawberries for $6 and the quality was worth it.
I haven't had mediterranean food that good in a long time.
Great food and friendly staff.
The owner was super nice and the food was made super quick.
Fresh fruit and veggies along with a wide variety of fresh curs of meat.
Cleaner and more organized then the food basics on east mall.
The place is clean (including the deli), and the people are friendly and helpful.
************************************** just got my first delivery from chefs plate.
The end result of my food was great!
I've only been a couple times, and have gotten several items from the meat counter and deli counter.
One is even a lady finger style, they are all delish.
Am i at whole foods?
The store has great selection of health drinks, meats, and vegetables.
But best of all, there is fresh seafood and meat counter in the back and someone to service your order.
They carry all kinds of goods from milk, juices, fruits, meats, vegetables, and prepared food.
Then come to lga and purchase snack food!
They also have a seafood section and fish can be cleaned and fried for free.
But, they do have pre-made food, a hot bar, and lots of yummy cold salads you can get to go.
Now that talley's green grocery is closed, this is the best place to get veggie-centered food.
I recommended this place to anyone looking for nutrition from their food.
The entire place is run as a not-for-profit to bring wholesome food to people who might not otherwise have access.
The marinade is delicious!
The place is super close to asu and mcc so it's a great spot for lunch or study break food.
They grocery also has great products and some fun frozen foods to try.
This is a really fun grocery and deli.
.. ok, the marinade on this beef (rib-eye i believe), was delicious.
Love this store, from the chocolate covered almonds to the vast selection of organic fruits and veggies.
First time here for their restaurant food.
Who doesn't like good veggies and fruits with other healthy options?!!!
Very similar to whole foods + wine selection.
They have the texture of the garbanzo bean which is reason alone to make a pilgrimage to this awesome deli.
Like sprouts and whole foods but cheaper and lesser.
They don't have deli, meat, or bread counters, or bulk barrels to cut down on costs.
For japanese foods/snacks, this place might be the best option.
Gah, how can sandwiches be this delicious?
I am such a huge fan of sprouts' deli and produce.
Wonderful food selections for all types of diets and allergies, awesome classes and community events, friendly staff
Service is 5 star and out of all the times i come they keep delivering great service.
Even the longo's branded foods are good, we've tried their deli meats and dips, both were very good.
It's like a smaller/less expensive whole foods.
The outdoor market on wednesdays is small, although food truck mania is pretty stellar with tons of inexpensive meatless options.
The prepared food as far as breakfast/lunch/dinner goes is ok.
This costco also has a seafood 'fare' where they sell the most succulent and insanely big seafood items i've seen.
The fresh fruit/vegetable area is probably the least impressive.
Selection for fresh fruit is very limited.
It's best to head over to another store for veggies and fruits imo.
Amazing food and great staff.
You can arrange for delivery.
The produce is always fresh, bread is great, the frozen foods are really delicious, and their alcohol selection is great!
Delicious and consistently good.
Workers are super polite and food comes out fast.
Great selection, great service, beautiful food and merchandise.
If you're in the strip you have to stop by here to see what fresh fruits and vegetables they have.
Their best prices for fruits and vegetable are in the warmer months.
Most of the fruits and vegetables are outside but don't forget about the inside too.
They are mostly expired food, candy, or products but they are cheap and are usually just what i need.
They have fresh dressings, fresh juices (some unpasteurized) and smaller sized bags of vegetables and potatoes.
The vegetables are the best and we usually shop at whole foods.
I find myself frequently buying fruits and vegetables here, for they are always in good price and quality.
Lyn in grocery and leon in seafood seriously are amazing.
This market has all different types of vendors from plants, flowers, fruits/veggies, salsa, jam, coffee, and all types of food!
So come hungry (: there is also loud music and food trucks.
The hummus was very creamy and the gyro was loaded and deliciously flavorful.
Smaller and mainly focused on food/pharmacy items.
The deli and cheese counter is excellent; however, the fresh meats counter the employees always are unfriendly.
And deli is great for lunch.
Found out about princess deli at the gilbert farmers market, so glad we did!
I love mediterranean food and this place was a find!!
We usually get a quick delish breakfast at the cafe at the market, which is always crowded.
They have a wonderful deli, bakery, fresh vegetables, fruit and much more.
This was such a great restaurant and the food was amazing!
The staff here is always happy, upbeat and always seem delightful to our visit.
There is always specials everywhere, it's the good neiberhood to find cheap food.
Good food at fantastic prices !
Delicious i find it to be a cross between trader joe's and a lower end whole foods.
Good food (especially meat, dairy, and produce) is not cheap.
People in other countries spend at minimum 5% more of their income on food than we do.
The exception to this is the prepared food.
I really don't ever buy prepared food from grocery stores so that doesn't really effect me.
The food is simple, imaginative, and outstanding favors.
Shop online and delivered to my car.
Food here is great, had the chicken schwarma with salad and rice.
Deli makes delicious sandwiches.
I also bought different types of middle eastern delicacies and pandan for making se asian desserts.
Good thing that there are lots of interesting foods to look at while you're stuck in an aisle.
The best mexican food north of the boarder!!
So authentic and delicious, i didn't even feel like i was in toronto !!
I recommend this place to anyone wanting authentic mexican food!
Lots of organic food products and european products as well.
The selection of international food is amazing.
It's a great place to grab relatively quick food.
Best food, great service, you can't go wrong with anything you order, plenty of food.
Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for fresh authentic delicious mediterranean food!
I am a fan of good health food stores.
They have a calendar of different things you can learn about foods for the month.
(i suggest checking it out)  the prices are a bit cheaper than a larger chain health food store.
The cheese and deli dept are decent, with a good selection- and they offer free samples of cheese!
There is a decent butcher section, and a fresh sea-food counter.
The service is a little slow, but the food is worth the wait.
Although i haven't bought any food stuffs from here, it also serves as a grocery store.
Friendly staff, unique food products, and overall always a nice experience.
I understand the quality is great, but i can buy some of the same items at whole foods for cheaper.
And whole foods is expensive!
Also encountered people at the deli and butcher shops and all are kind.
Fresh salad bar and prepared foods.
Food was great and not expensive at all.
Not an insane amount of food for $22 but enough and will be a solid meal.
It's about 2 bites but also delicious.
Have ventured out and tried many hole in the wall mediterranean delis in tempe and chandler area.
I got fruits, vegetables, bread and so much more !
They have much better prices than whole foods.
The food is good, fast, cheap...but yet "homemade"-ish.
I love local delis and this one didn't disappoint.
They have a fuel center, banking, pharmacy, bakery, deli, seafood and organics.
They have a ready food area, that is simply to die for.
Always stocked with quality fruits & veggies.
Best food and outstanding customer service!
A salad & soup bar, bakery and deli, great wine and alcohol selection and excellent customer service.
Unlike everyone else, i'm not usually here for the deli or the produce, although both are good.
Definitely more competitive than whole foods and on par with harris teeter, if not cheaper when you catch the sales.
They have more homeopathy, bach flowers and medicine than whole foods.
The deli is more like a restaurant and deli combination.
We had breakfast there and were impressed with the food, real plates and silverware.
Not gourmet food, but very good for the price.
The deli had lots of items for you to take home and re-heat if you do not like cooking.
Plus the food is so much better.
It's like a mini whole foods store without the high prices.
Great, fresh food and wonderful people.
The italian centre shop offers the most diverse and authentic italian food in the city.
The chicken wings were very delicious, fried and then sautéd with onions,peppers and probably butter.
So i just threw a surprise birthday party for my husband and had all our food catered from fligner's.
Everyone loved the food.
The fruits were fresh, the bbq ribs were delicious, and the beef tenderloin and baked chicken were a hit.
I am completely happy we had our food catered through them!
Their food is consistent and amazing.
Great food at sick prices.
Amazing food and wonderful service!
These gentlemen take their food and wine seriously.
The food was very flavorful, tasty and the service was very good.
There's a decent bulk section but they're missing a lot of key items (like a good variety of dried fruit).
They have the largest selection of international food i have ever seen.
Countries that i never knew existed have a few isles of food.
I have never found an expired item here either, i'm picky for that.... especially with foreign foods.
Cage free, gluten free, whole foods that are organic , good for you and good for the planet.
The bakery, deli, and produce areas are all very nice.
I haven't set foot in a whole foods since i discovered sprouts (sunflower market) years ago.
This is my go-to spot for veggies, fruit and bulk items.
They have fresh food stations around the deli and a massive selection of wine.
The food trucks were diverse and prices averaged between $7-$10 for an ''entree''.
The vendors ranged from produce, fruit, baked goods, honey and jewelry.
The fruits and veggies are fresh and we had the absolute best pears ever from there.
Great food, drinks, and service!
Ordered the #13 bowl with passion fruit and sugar cane drinks.
An impressive amount of international food products are available at this store.
Just not my type of food.
They have plenty of vegetarian and vegan products/foods and a really great cheese selection.
Their deli + salad bar make for a nice lunch and the smoothies aren't too bad, either!
I love their hot food.
Best baclava ever, the staff are great, the food is outstanding.
$3 real fruit smoothie at the back!
The interior lacks of course, but for fresh fruit smoothie that aren't over $5... its a gem!
Don't fall for the other real fruit bubble tea smoothie around chinatown.
The hummus was delicious and the pistachio balaclava as well.
There was enough food for 3 people, the portions were huge!
There's a great selection of local produce and products, a fabulous bulk section, and a well stocked deli.
Great prices without have to pay $$$ like whole foods.
Love the bbq chicken in the deli!
Bye bye whole foods!
Some of the best middle eastern food in the valley.
Delicious muffins and fresh flowers.
I love good mediterranean food, and have been looking for a new favorite place since my last one closed.
Have tried many around the east valley, and most of them end up being more of the fast food variety.
The greek salad was fresh and the dressing was tangy and delicious.
You can buy not only asian delights here, but also everything else you would buy in a regular grocery store.
This is the best natural foods grocery co-op i have ever shopped at.
Yes, organic/natural food costs more in general, but you will not find it cheaper than at the willy street co-op.
If you don't care about your food being organic and/or local, then yes, you can save money shopping somewhere else.
Mojo food truck smoothies are good too, but always a line.
And their different food needs.
Also on weekends this place is a madhouse, with families filling shopping carts full of food.
Everything we purchased was delicious, and i will definitely stop at rudy's again for kolaczki's, strudels, rolls, pierogies, etc.
The store has fab foods even godiva  and ethel chocolates.
Great authentic mediterranean food.
Gyro plate was delicious!
For example i can get  mr. b's junk food doritos and other popular name brand boxed food products he likes.
I can get my healthy froo froo food as he calls it, here.
Lots of natural food products spread throughout the store.
The selection and quality in the produce, seafood, deli and meat departments was impressive.
They carry some of the natural beauty products they sell at whole foods and sprouts here!
Some prices in the canned goods and prepared foods are higher priced but not by that much.
I'm surprised there's no listing for lily fruits market on yelp.
But what differentiates lily fruit market from the rest are two things  1.
They only sell fruits and fruit juices, freshly squeezed or canned, no other groceries 2.
They sell tropical fruits--lots of them.
The fruit juice is relatively cheap--$2.99 for a small, but it's not very small at all.
You can also get fresh fruit smoothies, like they usually have in vietnamese restaurants.
It has more chunks of fruit, in the big container, than regular american yogurt.
Used to strictly go to sprouts and whole foods until i stopped in here one day...now i'm a believer!
It was the organic/natural/vegan food section that turned me on.
I'm also a big seafood fan, and the quality of their sockeye salmon was awesome!
Possibly the best deli cold cut sandwiches in the valley.
Inside they have a fairly decent seafood selection with a wide range of fish and shellfish.
Plenty of tea sets, chinese decorations, and other stuff as well as food items and cookware.
Be prepared for a wonderfully full and varied inventory of healthful foods at really good prices.
Great place for appetizers and finger foods for parties.
I dont' tend to do daily food shopping here but we do stock up on a few staples weekly.
I love mediterranean food, and princess always satisfies my craving for this kind of cuisine.
I was very pleasantly surprised by the amount of food i got and the prices were great.
Great hot foods with unique specials like pierogies.
If you're not a home chef, salsita offers a wide selection of already prepared frozen foods.
This place is chock full of interesting, healthy and wholesome food choices.
Also, get your boar's head deli items here!
Also, it took forever to get my cold cuts even when the deli line wasn't long.
This is one of the better food lion locations in charlotte.
My favorites are the lemon bars and napoleons and fruit tarts.
Huge selection of asian food/grocery items.
Separate areas for asian fast food, vegetables, fruits, fresh seafood, meats.
I'm surprised the other three stores didn't have them though, given they are vegetable products... oh well.
We always get fantastic service, the food is amazing, and it's a nice cozy little place.
I honestly recommend this place to anyone who wants great mediterranean food.
When it was vons the seafood case smelt so bad i wouldn't take a chance on buying any.
Sprouts has a variety of vegan foods and cruelty-free items!
I was pretty impressed with asia food co.
I was desperate for some fresh vegetables and my favorite seasonings.
It's not super big or anything like that, but it's pretty cheap and the vegetables are quite fresh.
The vegetables are fresh, i can find my sauces, and they have pretty much everything i need for my cooking.
Yep, asia food co has all my needs and more.
No deli section, but there are some frozen and chilled items available and a selection of american and italian sodas.
My favorite items at sunflower are, no doubt, the fruits and vegetables.
Sunflower has a great selection of natural foods, dietary restriction foods, and organic foods.
They also have a wide array of natural sodas, grains, and bulk food items.
The food samples are always great and the employees are pleasant and helpful.
They offer tasty holiday foods, zesty chocolates, & attractive holiday flower arrangements (that you put in a vase) as well.
I am a huge fan of their meats & seafood section.
Also, online shopping and delivery is available at this location!
Great produce selection, excellent pizza in the deli, great meets(many on special too).
Check out their freezer section for seafood, meats and dumplings.
We really loved the hoagie since it was huge and tasted delicious.
They have a huge selection for their menu, so i'm sure there is more tasty food to try.
There are lots of premade things that are delicious.
The prices are good, the food is really fresh.
Probably the best grocer for italian foods and brands (including italian laundry detergent!).
Baklava was super sweet and delicious.
Always fresh fruits & vegetables.
Good selection various cultural foods.
We had a birthday celebration at this place and the food was delicious.
Very pleased to have any type of food store on this block, but a health food store is a bonus.
Prices for processed food also seem reasonable; i can't comment on the meats because i am a vegetarian.
Tons of food and beyond delicious.
So many organic options, fresh and affordable produce, a nice selection of meats/seafood, and not overpowering.
I'm not a fan of organic food.
I'm not a fan of locally grown food.
Same thing for many other fruits, breads and vegetables.
There is hot foods bar, prepared and packaged foods section, a salad bar, snacks, and sweets.
There are 3 different sized plastic containers you grab to plate your food.
Mostly, i try to pack my lunch to work but coming here for food is a great alternative.
Such a quirky and friendly staff, and clean aesthetic/environment - i haven't even mentioned the food yet!
Great food and service from hyatt!
My only complaint is the deli!!!
Excellent real mexican food!!
The server was helpful in describing the details of the food to two middle eastern food newbies.
The food was delicious!
The probiotics we use are $10/bottle cheaper than whole foods.
This ht took over the grocery spot where lowe's food used to be located off of idlewild rd and 485.
Awesome place for all your italian food needs in montreal!
If owners are reading please get some more tasty prepared food!
Everything from produce to frozen foods looked fresh and very well stocked.
Costco does just about everything right and their food court (counter) is no different.
The food was really, really fresh and delicious.
The omlette came with a little salad and a small tray of fruit, bread, jam and butter.
It was a good combination of eggs and fresh fruit.
The fruits and vegetables are impeccable, fresh and often from local farms from alberta and bc.
The have boar's head brand deli meats.
They carry a lot of things that whole foods carries but with more reasonable prices.
Spices, fresh seafood, vegetables, plates, bowls, chopsticks, rice cookers, and more!
Being from hawaii, i do tend to miss my "local hawaiian food" and, i have found it here!
I'm always going here for my veggies, meat & seafood, what i can't find anywhere i find here!
Trader joe's is great if you're throwing a party and want to get some beverages and appetizer type food.
Although they don't seem to realize it :( here's what really matters: the food - always hot, flavorful, consistent.
They also carry one of the largest selection of "natural" foods (rivaling whole foods), and the prices are often cheaper.
It's not just "health food",  i can shop here for the whole household!
Perfectly good food for a huge mark-down.
I love the idea of salvaging food that is minorly damaged, since it would otherwise be needlessly wasted.
I absolutely hate food waste.
I also like that they recently expanded the prepared foods section by the cash to include pulled pork sandwiches.
I love getting fresh fixin's from the deli and their wide selection of organic food.
They always have good deals on fresh fruit and bulk household items.
She has great suggestions and delivered!.
I ordered a lot of produce and deli items and was really happy with the freshness of my items.
Sunflower markets - the poor man's whole foods.
The food is always amazing and service is fast!
I haven't been ages and it seems like the quality of food has gone down a bit.
This place is phenomenal, very clean, friendly staff & great food, especially the pho!
The first time i went to pasta pantry fine foods was valentine's day 2014.
Fast forward almost a year later and i get a real craving for those little pillows of delicious.
They make a vegan carrot cake that's soooo very delicious.
And i'm always a bit skeptical of store-brand dressings 'n such, but their caesar is delicious.
They have healthy food, the staff is super friendly..
Baklava is very sweet, but delicious.
3) dont be afraid of the seafood or butcher area.
Though smaller in size and overall selection, i find the quality and prices to be better than whole foods.
I usually purchase bulk items like granola and nuts, plus fresh fruit.
Damn you costco, damn you canadians for having food that just tastes better.
There is a deli case with meals and lunches to go in case you are in a hurry.
When you walk in and smell that perfect italian deli scent, you know you're in the right place!
I am concerned about the foul odor that comes from the fact that they have seafood.
The deli and cooked -food-to-go  have a great selection.
I am a local business supporter and i always go to shop there before the big giant food chain.
A place where anyone who  loves food would feel at home.
Produce is fresh and there is quite a variety of fruits and vegetables.
There is a large selection of gluten free food here at this location.
And also fresh and frozen types of sea food..
I have to give a shout out about the best deli, not to leave out the bakery!
They have a huge and encompassing health food section.
They also have an expansive array of food and products, comparable only to woodman's.
And when it comes to asian food ingredients, t&t is my not so far away 1 stop.
I'm not the biggest fan of the hot food buffet.
Usually, the food is super greasy and fried.
Large selection of thinly sliced meats for hot pot or fondue and i can always find the vegetables i need.
I started dating a guy who is a vegetarian, and eats organic food almost exclusively.
I can't end the post without giving shout-out to those people who come up with the deli item recipes.
The food in the cafe is great!
A good size variety of foods, some hot and a lot of cold food items.
The food is very good!
Fresh food and great flavors.
This place has superb food at great prices.
Although very casual (set amongst grocery and deli) it's worth trying.
You can get delicious bread, locally grown veggies, fruit, plants, and many other locally made wares.
The food is always delicious!
Loaded with all my favorites from salads, to soups, fruits, mashed potatoes and eggs.
It wasn't a sunday brunch but the salad bar buffet was off-the-hook amazingly delish!
Then, ended it with fruit and yogurt.
It is quite far for me since i am 3 minutes from whole foods in gv.
The food here is excellent.
Definitely put this restaurant on your must try list for mediterranean food.
The pizzas here are just delicious!!..
Why buy over priced expensive juck food at the grocery store?
Its not just junk food though there are lots of healthy choives, like dried out fruits.
There were olive oils, honeys, gluten free desserts, veggies/fruits, syrian bread-yum, and some craft booths as well.
The real deal, latin food in a convenience store sorta vibe.
(that's because it's literally this)  highlight: $1 tacos - can't beat that  delicious housemade sauces
They have any/all asian type foods (reading the reviews i have to laugh a little....
Great food, great prices, great atmosphere.
Whole foods was the only grocery store that i could enter and never get bored cruising the aisles.
Tried the chicken shawarma combo price was nice and food was amazing!
But there's no place i like more than shopping for food here.
Veggies and fruits are also super fresh.
Good fresh food - medina locals best little secret for a great meal.
Food trucks converge here for a food frenzy unseen anywhere in the metro area!
Its probably just as 'good' as wholr foods without being as ritzy price was.
They always have daily food specials by day of the week.
$.98 cent baguettes pair perfectly with their delicious chicken salad (which is always fresh and at a great price).
Every week we are delighted to receive an abundance of fruits, veggies, and grains.
You can always count on large variety of fresh and reasonably priced veggies and fruits.
The pizza is delicious- sauce is packed with flavorful and the cheese is wonderful.
All side dishes were delicious.
Best midetterianian food great kabab great hommus great service cons: it took long time
Food looks and tastes really good
Apparently the store started as mainly japanese and then they added more indonesian food.
But beyond it's unassuming store front awaits friendly service and delicious korean food.
It's simple but delicious.
The deli was great.
Fresh food, decent price.
100% times better than "walmart" aka whole foods!
They always have fresh food and a soupe du jour.
One of the dishes i thought that my father would love was the breadfruit in coconut.
The food was really good.
So to make sure it didn't taste oily, we did sample the soup, and it was so delicious.
They have everything good to snack on-- nuts, chocolate covered treats (blueberries, honeycomb), dried fruit.. at great prices!
I always end up leaving with something delicious to try.
They also have plenty of prepared food (salads, etc), as well as very cheap sushi.
I like this grocery store as it's fairly clean and a variety of foods can be purchased.
Even the small food court is not bad but probably laden with its fair share of msg.
I love their seafood area, and that they sell poke too!
I got kalua pork, meat/vegetable dumplings, fresh fish... all sorts of weird, different, unique foods.
The whole place just seemed like a wonderland of random food choices.
Since my first review, the deli service has improved tenfold.
The food here is genuine mediterranean.
The food was great.
We get some amazing food from here, that you won't find in the local groceries.
The end result of my food was great!
Make sure you get the asiago; it's so freaking delicious.
(had 2 pork tacos)  absolutely delicious!!
They have great prices on vegetables and fruits!
If you like organic foods, sprouts has a good selection and less expensive than other stores.
I had the baja shrimp tacos and they were delicious, service was pleasant too.
So it's definitely worth it to come to spouts for all my fruit & vegetables, but that's about all...
I would also recommend coming here during the weekends because their specialty food is good.
If you want a authentic food this is definitely the place to try.
Food is very tasty (just a little spicy though, so i'd ask for a more mild sauce next time!)
Food was prepared in about 10 minutes and was extremely tasty and authentic.
A small town market where the food is good and everyone knows each other.
Cute little farmer's market with some food trucks!
They have such great prices on all of their food i can't imagine shopping anywhere else.
If you're looking for asian cooking ingredients, avoid giant eagle, whole foods, etc.
They also have a ton of other delicious pastries that i'm not going to even attempt to spell!
Everyday the was a different, delicious smelling homemade soup cooking.
I can't imagine my food life without it.
For an extremely reasonable price i can add fresh, local, organic foods to our weekly groceries in one stop.
Otherwise, the produce is fresh, the meat selection is great, and their prepared foods are also good.
As others have said, a combination between trader joes and sprouts/whole foods.
There is a warm food area, which has food that looks pretty good (haven't tried though).
It's no food basics, but prices are comparable to metro and loblaw's.
The prepared foods section and hot bar were much larger than i thought they would be.
Great store, i will definitely drive right past whole foods to return!
Love that this is a woman-owned, locally-run business that features local goods including local meats, eggs, vegetables, honey water (!!!)
Put me in a whole foods and i'm buying $200 worth of food i'll never eat.
Deli section...all boars head.
Friendly staff, great food (smoothies and sandwiches are oh-so-fresh!).
Lots and lots of organic and vegetarian/vegan food.i was lucky to find this place while in cleveland for business.
They are the only store in vegas to carry scandinavian foods in any amount (wasa crispbreads don't count albertson's!)
The german foods are well-stocked, as are all the middle eastern sections.
The bakery section is now more consistently stocked, and the deli selection is also more predictable.
They try so hard, they're so community-minded, and there's a lot of good food here.
Great food, good portion size, super casual.
Did i mention the food was great?
I will definitely be doing that--why yearn for a whole foods when i have earth fare?
If u love fresh organic healthy food this is the best!!
The best part of this place is they have mediterranean food selections, which i'm really excited about.
Mediterranean food is one of my favorites!
I found it to be charming, and the deli meat and cheese were delicious.
I couldn't be happier with the employees who work there and the food they serve.
Before harris teeter, before every other health market, there was reid's fine foods in charlotte.
Their meat and poultry along with their seafood are exquisitely presented and it is a sight to behold.
Local foods are featured in the selling floor too.
The "gourmet-to-go" options are always delicious and are very popular with busy professionals.
Their turkish coffee is also delicious!
The food they served are much better than in la.
I have been eating vietnamese food for long time.
Tried so many vietnames food  in la.
None of the la restaurants food taste as good as this.
If you r hungry for a good vietnamese food try this restaurant.
It seems like they have any asian food you can think of.
We had another amazing meal at the princess deli and tried the falafel and tahini.
We even picked up fresh hummus and bread for the deli to go.
Even sells hot food, hot drinks on top of a wide variety of asian groceries.
Great variety of organic food.
I love whole foods, too, but the pricing can be daunting.
This place is like the home depot for food and cutlery/utensils/restaurant furniture, etc.
My favourite part of the t&t is the "deli" section.
I stopped in several times during our 2-week vacation to pick up fresh fruit, nuts and granola.
Their chicken is expensive and you have to check their produce carefully -- fruit is usually good, broccoli less so.
It's a gallery of food.
There was a nice selection of packaged indian foods and i got several of these.
Great fresh food and cheap for what you get is an easy win/win in my book.
Food is fresh and service is great.
They also use boar's head deli meats, and some of the freshest ingredients!
Try their guacamole....mmm delish!
Not only a wide range of fresh vegetables and fruit, but they carry a host of other great items.
My girl loves mexican food.
The food came right away.
Great selection of foods from around the world.
This is the only place in vegas i have found that is well stocked with both european and asian foods.
So the store is sort of like an affordable whole foods/trader joe's mix.
This place is super authentic and they serve great food!!
Delicious prepared foods and super-friendly staff!
Their deli has a great salad selection including a delicious spicy eggplant salad, and a healthy lemon-y quinoa salad.
There were no signs at the deli counter with closing hours of the department.
Wow, this place is a food lovers and chef's dream.
If you are a foody you must visit.
You can find things like non-dairy cream cheese, sour cream, ice cream, so(y) delicious ice cream, amy's frozen foods, etc.
Longo's is one grocery store that always has good quality and fresh fruits and vegetables.
The staff is always restocking the fruits and vegetables whenever i go in.
If your at longo's make sure you guys try there pizza, it's always delicious.
Copps, cub foods, and woodman's?
I was looking online for a grocery store and bakery who can assist in home delivery!
Though the cake was delivered a hour late, than requested!!
Plus, you won't have to travel abroad to bring back some assorted delicacies to spark the inner chef in you.
Yet, i don't think they charge food tax..............  till next time, happy eating!
The meats, fruits/vegetables, breads/pastries and cereals have become popular additions to my home.
Their subs are delicious!!
Also has a small market within the store with  deli-style items (jarred peppers, oils, spreads, etc).
And as long as the food keeps tasting amazing at the price remains so reasonable, i'm a patron for life.
Stop by habbouz for the most amazing homemade tunisian food and pastries ever!!!
The deli  women are always willing to adjust the cut of meat/cheese to order.
The quality of the food is about 60/40 in comparison to no frills, and the prices are rather decent.
For a price chopper, i'd say the quality of the food is rather decent.
The food is great and you can't beat the price!
If you are looking for medeteranian food this is the place to go!
The boars head deli is fabulous!
They have fun wine and beer tasting and several convenience items such as tp and snack food and ice.
We have three choices to shop for our food!
The food here is delicious and of excellent quality, the customer service is fantastic and the prices can't be beat.
I do all my 'indian food' shopping here, and they even have outlet convertors - something i had not expected!
Food = 4 (especially the kababs and nihari....didn't like the biryani...food in general little spicy on the higher side) 2.
Gino's deli is awesome!
It's not a truly "authentic" italian deli, but it's as close as you're going to get in suburban middleton.
The subs are invariably excellent; the bread is high-quality and the meats are delicious.
I also really like the chicken alfredo penne; it's pretty garlicky but absolutely delicious.
So we picked out some staples and some fall fruit.
But i also love how they label each individual fruit and vegetable with a sticker if they're organic!
I came across a few fruits/veggies i've never heard of before.
It's neat, clean, big, and has lots of asian foods and snacks.
It was part of a blooming of natural foods grocery stores.
There will be parking that requires a ticket, however, whole foods will validate parking for a certain amount of time.
Fresh food, great prices, friendly staff.
Although they don't technically deliver, carlo offered to drive the food over for a small fee.
Their entree portions are generous and full of flavor- you can't beat the service, price & quality of the food.
Four stars for having everything a foodie could possibly want to buy all in one place.
Their baked goods (especially the bbq pork buns) are delicious, and very reasonably priced.
The food is not salty, but flavored just right.
Apparently it's as close as you can get to korean food back in korea.
This market district ge reminds me somewhat of a mini whole foods.
I absolutely love the place, the food is so good,and the owner is about the nicest guy ever.
Very clean and has an amazing variety of meats and seafood!
I love the deli counter because they don't ever rush you selection and let you sample everything!
Great place to find international food.
And very inexpensive mediterranean food that is incredibly delicious and homemade.
We had hoped for a more whole foods knock off but that hasn't been realized.
It's an organic/healthy food store people ... it ain't marc's, it ain't heinen's and it ain't giant eagle.
It ain't factory food, no tyson's, cargill, walmart, etc.
Their cheese selection is as good or better than whole foods and the people are more knowledgeable.
The mountain bread is very delicious as are their cakes and pies.
I felt like having some cut fruit so stopped by this iga store.
This market seem well stocked and the prepared food looks tasty and has good turnover.
The latte was pretty much a mocha, it had a delicious dark chocolatey flavor.
I been craving mediterranean food and found this lil place in the way to the salon.
They even have good chinese food cooked and ready to go sometimes.
I love the kabob combo and the salad is so delicious!
This is one of the better food lion locations in charlotte.
Love this store, from the chocolate covered almonds to the vast selection of organic fruits and veggies.
My regular place to have my food.
The rice is delicious, the mediterranean salad (mix of small-diced tomatoes, onion, i think cucumber, etc.
The fruits are always fresh and the meats as well.
I normally come here to get my steaks and fresh fruits and the occasional snacks.
The cashiers, the food servers, the stock people....  everyone is super friendly and willing to help.
Their hot bar and deli has some fantastic options, as well.
Best homemade brats in the universe, excellent deli, nice people have always run the place.
The food is so fresh, the associates are really informative and polite.
Conveniently located in a touristic area this store offers a large variety of food and drinks (alcohol including).
If you are in little italy, hungry and craving a delicious prosciutto sandwich, this place makes the best!
Also, sometimes i can find amazing deals on ground turkey and seafood here.
Ty, in the seafood market, is incredible.
Had the best fresh fruit, bulk and meat selection!
Their deli is 1st class with friendly employees and gr8 selections.
Also who the heck knows the codes for fruits,veggies,donuts ( mmmmm ) etc.
Not to mention an arbys, el pollo loco and a few other fast food establishments.
Their vegetables are fresh.
Especially the asian and thai foods.
As soon as i walked in first 2 isles were serbo-croatian food, i was amazed.
They carry everything from food to dishes to soaps and shampoos.
Great food, coffee, atmosphere, and the added bonus of a small market to explore.
When it comes to the food, the best item on the menu is the frittata bowl, hands down.
It's one of the most delicious yet surprisingly healthy breakfasts i've had in awhile.
Atmosphere, food, selection is nice!
And i should mention the food is just delicious.
Their staff is friendly, their food is awesome and their prices certainly can't be beaten.
Their wraps are filling and delicious, and they feature rotating specials that are equally as delish.
Fresh cut fruit and mexican waters!
When you buy food you get access to a salsa and chip bar!
Good service and good food!
They also have a variety of ready made foods that you can grab for a quick meal.
A bit like trader joe's, a bit like whole foods, and right here in my neighborhood!
All the breads are baked on site, and there's a huge prepared food section features many fresh and delicious items.
Nee how is a great alternative to the big asian groceries downtown (asia foods, tink holl, park to shop).
I dont like the deli hummus.
For those of you uno of whole foods market this is a very similar market.
Kind of like a cross between a whole foods and trader joe's.
For the health food people they seem to have an extensive selection.
The perogies were delicious.
Have to say, everything was delicious.
The service is always fast, the food always tasty.
Best place to get organic fruits, vegetables, milk and poultry.
Not only did i not have breakfast beforehand i haven't eaten real food all week.
I'm also a fan of how much natural & organic food choices they've brought in as well
A pharmacy and a canada post are upstairs and downstairs there is a small food market.
My family and i were looking for asian food for lunch after shopping around in marche jean-talon.
It is a vietnamese supermarket/fast food place.
They also sell prepared, refrigerated food that you can buy to-go.
I've never had so much fresh food on a weekly basis like this, ha.
They also do cooking classes to learn how to prepare some of the foods that may be new to you.
This is a great service and worth checking out if you like to prepare your own food.
The food is always fresh and well done.
Pros fresh vegetables, meat and fruit!
It's like trader joe's, sprouts and whole foods all together.
The selection of organic fruits and veggies is good, and the selection of grass fed beef.
Seafood needs larger selection.
If you're into organic foods, products, or teas this is a really great place to go!
I love the vast selection of everything from chocolates to dog food to beer and wines.
So much better food than in all the american ones, like vons, target, walmart all together.
I shop there for vegetables, fruits, meat and bakery.
I highly recommend delicious bread rolls (3 for a $1, or 4 for a $1 on some days).
Nice vibe friendly staff and reasonable prices with pretty good assortment of food.
Prices beat whole foods with similar quality food!
Great store if you are craving romanian food.
They have some produce, like key limes and chilies, along with shelves of canned and dried food.
They also have mole sauce, guacamole and cheese, most "deli" items cost around $10 for a medium, $5 for small.
I recommend checking out salsita if you are a lover of latin foods!
I was eating out too often and my son was forgetting what a vegetable looks like.
This is a very convenient service and the food is great.
There was a great variety of items, fresh fruits, veggies, baked goods, dairy, etc.
Not only are my shopping trips quick, but i can buy pre-made meals that are delicious!
I love coming to natural grocers to see what is new and trending for new vegan food.
The deli is amazing.
Truly a foodie's paradise!
Probably my favorite italian deli in the madison area.
I mean whole foods
Should mention however, that i never missed any items in my deliveries, neither had any substitutes.
Food lion and harris teeter will never come close!
I am also a huge fan of aj's for their deli.
Their sandwiches are delicious, they have a brick oven for pizza and they have several cold side items.
I love that it's clean and neat and does not smell of old seafood like most other asian stores.
2) the fruits section.
Fresh produce and deli .
Food here is really good and portions are actually quite big.
If you're in the area and craving vietnamese food, give this place a try.
The best little supermarket to get romanian food!!
Excellent food no matter what i've tried.
I love their wild caught seafood selection, even though several items may be a bit pricey.
However, the service was wonderful and the food was good.
Don't forgot this whole foods let local farmers show of their food which is good to support the community.
Whole foods is the spot
There's a restaurant in the back, along with prepared food like dim sum for takeaway/takeout.
Well lemme just get on about the drooling food and dish selections.
This is why it's dangerous for me to always have filipino food.
We tried the banana heart and jackfruit in gata.
It has real fruit :d   what makes this place extra special is they have groceries.
On top of that, t&t has practically everything, including already prepared food.
Delicious tacos, salsa, guacamole.
First and foremost, this is handedly the premier asian foods market in cleveland.
They offer delicious roast duck and chicken, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork and roasted pork by the pound.
I was a quesadilla fiend for a while, and they always delivered (figuratively, not literally).
Then you notice the food!
If you want foreign food, come here.
Greek salad with chicken was delicious!
Amazing locally grown vegetables?
Oils, soaps, spreads, cheese, jewelry, gelato, food trucks and more?
I am so into this joint- the service, the authentic palestinian food... all of it.
Amazing service good food what's not to love ?
Best food ever and reasonably priced!
Also spinach pies are delicious.
Raspberry?....can't really remember but both were delicious.
But the food is fantastic & alejandro is super nice.
The good: the prices for fruits and vegetables are good.
They have a lot of biologic and healthy foods.
This place is awesome with all kinds of deals and healthy food.
They also have a section of precut deli with every kind you can think of all wrapped up.
Ranging from chocolate to nuts and popcorn whatever snack food you like sprouts is sure to have it!
In my last few visits in this restaurant/store, the food have been excellent.
My baby is 5 months now and i just recently started making his food and i trust this place only!
I am so happy that our second home (madison) has this great co-op along with whole foods and trader joes.
The horchata was very good, refreshing, and the food was good too, delicious seasoning and very good service.
I was going to pick up some indian food in the same plaza and noticed it.
I order lunch for the office at least once a month and everyone loves the food.
Rocco the chef really puts the love in cooking his food.
But, there's a deli in the back.
It wasn't until my friend took me here that i discovered their deli.
The meat and seafood are fresh and they are well kept without too much smell.
I love the food and they accommodate vegan, vegetarian, they also have coconut water i love this little hidden gem.
Great food and friendly service!
Find fresh ethnic foods, decor, nic-naks, dishes, veggies, meats, fish, pots-pans, paintings, blankets, plants, vitamins...just about anything!
Has all my favorite japanese food prep supplies.
Love their deli - so fresh and the service is great!!!!
A less pretentious version of whole foods.
It's not all that busy at 7 pm, except for the food court area.
As always, there are free food samples, depending on when you visit.
Hubby ordered mocha banana wake up call smoothie and had banana chocolate bread that was so moist and delicious.
I love the discount breads and fruits - 50% off - always something good there.
I'm used to shopping at like food basics, price chopper, etc.
Fresh fruits, vegetables, poultry.
Very happy to see what used to be several aisles of vitamins has been transformed into a neat little deli.
Did i walk into whole foods?
It ain't whole foods, but this is the beverly hills or summerlin of smiths.
Tips: be there in the morning to avoid the crowd and you 're guaranteed to get fresh seafood and produce.
The ready made food is a hit or miss though.
I didn't realize there was a separate sit down area and a to go deli part.
Ordered at the counter, got food in a styrofoam box and bag.
It took a little longer than i expected to get our food.
Once the food came out, it was very good.
They have lots of hard-to-find fresh veggies, including dandelion greens, and other rare-ish food products.
It's like frozen food but much tastier and way more fresh !
Here's the scoop on the things i've tried:  *cheese tortellini - delicious!
I was unable to eat the whole plate of food, but my date helped me out.
Amazing food i highly recommend it to anyone.
It's very comparable to whole foods but features lower prices.
Produce is always fresh and the staff at the deli, fish, and meat counters are always friendly and helpful.
Super delicious and super fresh turkey /chicken sandwiches!!!
They carry most of the well-known food brands -- their meat prices and produce quality is amazing!
They have an amazing fresh salad bar, meats and veggies on one side, fruits, yogurts, and granola on the other.
They are affordable, fresh and fluffy and crazy delicious.
Amazing deli, bakery and butcher shop and easily the best quality fruits and veggies anywhere.
Behold my surprise when i found out i only had to walk a 1000 yards for this delicious delight.
Amazing authentic vietnamese food!
I don't do my grocery shopping here but i am completely addicted to their chinese food.
I love that i can get a grass-fed burger with willow creek bacon at the deli mmmmmmmmmmmm.
There are a few seats at the window inside or you can take your food to go.
You will not find fresh plantains for sale as she does not want little fruit flies in her shop.
The owner was interesting and seemed to know her stuff as a self professed foodie.
The produce selection is good enough for me to get all of my fruits and veggies for the week.
The selection of foods is not large but i seem to always find what i'm looking for.
Excellent asian food bar.
They seem to get interesting food items that other teeters don't, probably because it's in an upscale area.
As for the food, very good authentic dishes.
They were all delicious.
And definitely worth it because everything is delicious.
Also carries private label brands called sunspun and everyday essentials and gfs food service products.
You can now order everything online now and they will also deliver for a fee.
Food service is their main focus but they get a lot of retail customers.
The food is so amazinggg!
Get thee to gourmeats and get thee the most delicious, healthy, cruelty-free meat and goodies and most wonderous service!
The raspberry cocoa preserves and spicy o's (think jalapeno relish) i purchased from terra verde farms were unique and delicious!
Much more so than whole foods or even trader joe's around the corner.
The food is always fresh, the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable.
There are great options to plan a meal with an emphasis on alternative food styles (vegan, gluten free, etc.).
I stopped in to get some organic insect soap,  and some orchid food.
This is the alternative to whole foods in the area (on the westside).
Lots of fresh, organic foods (though not as many perhaps as the behemoth amazon chain).
(but then so does whole foods').
Best grocer/deli in the neighborhood.
Huge deli, meat and seafood counters.
Just an all-around great selection of fresh, delicious products.
Grab and go options are delicious and healthy.
Fresh deli meats, and the vegetables are tasty and fresh too.
There was a creamy basil chicken and pasta dish that looked delicious, as well as a bruschetta chicken meal.
It was delicious as a sandwich can be.
The shawarma is great but i really went for the fries they're gorgeous and delicious.
Lunch today was the lulu, a hummus tabouleh, nice simple, fresh and delicious.
What an amazing market with an array of both prepared and un-preapred middle eastern food.
We came to buy some inexpensive snacks & breakfast food while in calgary on vacation.
But other than that, this was a great place to buy food.
There's a little restaurant or food court inside.
They have a juice bar and a delicious $3.99 chopped fresh fruit salad great for breakfast!
The passion fruit juice they make is amazing!
This place is good for your traditional jewish food.
Fresh fruit and veggies looked better than any grocery store.
I've lived in matthews for over 15 years and shopped at this food lion just as long.
Food counter is great!!!
Such stellar service every time i go especially from the butcher and seafood counter and it's a locally owned operation!
Food doesn't have time to sit around.
They've got a long lineup of hot foods and a generous salad bar.
Just be mindful of your quantities... the food is priced by weight and it's quite easy to get carried away.
Unlike many international markets that i have been to, this one had extensive frozen offerings besides weird seafood.
A must stop for anyone that likes to experiment with food.
I've always enjoyed the fresh arizona produce, locally made pints of ice cream and the consistently convenient deli section.
The vendors include gourmet food trucks rolling in with their fancy crepes, cream brulee and 'short leash dogs'.
Highlights for me were the selection of organic local produce, health food section, and store brand selection.
They have a nice selection of frozen food, fresh food, and dried food.
What better way than to stock the kitchen with food for $1.
Many of the foods you can find here are found in normal stores for $2 or $3 more.
Food is fresh and affordable with all you get with the combo plates.
Didn't get to try the food but there seemed to be a lot of options.
Also, you can call it's a deli, as they offer some great food there, and update new food sometimes.
Great food, friendly staff, and cool environment.
Also, the grocery store has so much authentic arabic foods, spices, and drinks!
Fresh deli, cheese and bread to fresh pizza prepared to order and oh!
Definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves italian food!
Friendly staff and food is amazingly delicious!
This place is delicious and so economical!
A great grocery full of northern european delicacies.
It is an italian food specialty store, where you can find the best of imported goods from italy.
The best place to find whatever international foods u want !
Aj's has a cute patio out front where they grill and serve hot and fresh food for lunch.
The bakery and all of their tea's are delicious!
Close to home and food was pretty good.
Not big tubs of food but adequate.
Pity they don't have live seafood.
Service and food has always been great!
This place is literally a (unique) food lovers disney land.
They also have prepared foods as well.
I'm not a huge fan of eating frozen food but trader joe's provides some of the best options available.
Food was good...but was not very vegitarian friendly!
Small quantities of fruits and veggies and a fabulous fresh foods program.
If you like roasted duck, go to the fast food joint up front.
Generally i love looking around at farmer's markets and trying all the foods.
The food at this place is amazing.
This is the best middle eastern food i've ever eaten.
A true asset to any hospitality company and a surprise and try to counter at a delightful grocery store.
Not to mention, i got a ton of vegetables for $17 which would have cost me 40 at whole foods.
The bartender, jim, delivered the food and set up the warming trays etc.
Everyone commented on the delicious food and how personable and professional jim was.
This place has loads of specialty items, gourmet selections, expensive cheese, deli meats, etc.
Exceptionally quaint and staffed with patient people (yeah i'm talking to you, mr. deli meat guy).
Food was fresh, portions are large for the combo and it was definitely fulfilling.
Nice clean and fresh foods.
Huge fresh meat counter butcher shop, fresh and frozen fish and nice selection of fruits and vegetables.
My friend had the beef bibimbap and he really liked his food too.
We walked through the store and saw the wide variety of market items, prepared and package foods.
My go-to place for quick meals since it's so close to my house - great alternative to fast-food.
I go here occasionally to buy anchovy paste, marzipan, dried mushrooms, and other hard to find foodstuffs.
Good times & good food!
They have a very wide selection of different foods and very fresh fruits and vegetables and fruits.
There are also booths for seating if you'd like to have your food inside.
The texture is interesting, but just not my preference since my mom makes her own that's very delicious!
The seafood is fresh  and the produce section is also very affordable, you get a lot for your money.
Deli meats&cheeses are pre-sliced, which is not really my thing.
The seafood selection is very good and the meat selection is good too.
Hy-vee has a sit down restaurant&bar with a small limited food menu.
It also has a cafeteria style selection of hot food (chinese, american, pizza/pasta, etc).
The chinese-american food is what you would expect, i have not tried the other foods.
Metro has a beautiful seafood area.
Lots of produce for reasonable prices, as well as meats and seafood.
Great selection of asian foods and treats, as well as home/kitchen needs.
Great boars head deli sandwiches, good beer/wine selection, and all the other necessary convenience items.
This place is clean and always have fresh food.
Took a while to get our food, but we'll worth it.
During that time we visited the co-op many times when natured called and for food.
Prices are cheaper than going to the market and significantly lower than whole foods.
I like the fact that there's a section of food items from hawaii as well.
They have a great deli selection and you can buy some groceries as well.
Kohli is still a good place for indian delicacies.
Incredibly delicious food, plenty of it!
Everything's delicious... kafta, falafel, hummus, salads... you can't go wrong!
We like f&e teas and oj or grapefruit juice.
I love how they have hot fresh food readily available.
The one plus is the deli has some sausages and cheeses you won't find at any other grocer.
It's far from me, but if i'm in the area, i'll definitely grab from the deli.
All their food is awesome, i typically get the chicken shawarma plate with hummus, arabic salad, and tabbouleh.
Great selection of fruit and produce.
I loved going on there, i could find spices and herbs no other place carried and their food was delish.
This is one of my two favorite markets so far (the other being seafood city supermarket).
The deli has so many great options from the hot bar(asian bar), salad bar, sub station, and the prepared meals.
Food proportions are great!
Now that i've lived in chicago, i've become quite accustomed to my frequent whole foods visits.
It was our first time here and the food was amazing!
The food is very good - please, tamalera, stick around.
This is the store of all gourmet food stores.........maybe rivals and beats out dean & deluca in nyc.
Their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding.
Got seafood and cookingware here.
Bright, spacious, nice displays, great prepared foods section, meat/seafood counters, and bakery.
Great food, great service , great value.
There are lots of organic, vegan, gluten free, and vegetarian food options here.
Awesome selection of health foods!
A friend of mine told me "there's a mexican store that serves authentic mexican food in the back".
For authentic mexican food - why not?
The aisles are tidy and well-stocked, and the vegetables are fresh.
The deli has freshly steamed dim sum items for a good pre- or post-shopping snack.
The bakery is good, and they have super soft, delicious, fresh-baked sandwich bread.
Organic and health food found nowhere else in las vegas.
Wonderful customer service with a store stocked to the brim in natural foods.
I can usually buy most of my food at tj's and spend less money than lovely wally world.
Everything from their stocked produce and interesting frozen foods and how could i forget the awesome sauces and marinades.
The food comes in individual bags (aside from the meat) and specific instructions.
Not only do they have food, but decorations, kitchen utensils, and other international items.
We ordered food from here using a third party food delivery service.
This place has mediterranean, european, asian, and pacific islander food, snacks, chocolates, seasoning, and etc.
Great selection of fresh pasta, pizza dough, cheeses, oils, fruits and vegetables at very competitive prices.
Eclectic selections rarely seen such as delicate chocolates.
Me for the odd fruit, cheese or wine, him for the tiny shopping carts and samples.
Yay for the awesome artichoke pate from the deli!
New grocery/deli that opened the first week of february.
Got a delicious italian tray and a tray with turkey and pastrami.
Both were great, and there was plenty of food for a lot of people.
This is a part grocery store/take out deli/sit down restaurant.
Very reasonable prices and authentic food.
He had on an apron and was handling frozen food on back wall.
Pros all the way from deli, bakery, check out, to the restaurant.
I really like their natural foods, cosmetics and body care area, too.
The most authentic mexican food i found in illinois!
Sure it's not fancy pancy, but their food and friendly service is the best.
Great location, delicious breakfast and awesome waitress (katelyn).
The best brownies i have ever had, delicious cakes and all sorts of other goodies...they even sell authentic polish-style pierogis.
Their pastries are delicious.
I rarely have a problem finding my staples plus a new food time to try out.
Cool local deli, fast service, good sandwiches.
Similar to the whole foods.
Nice food bar - breakfast items.
It's smaller than the other grocery stores around but still have ample choices of all your produce/meat/dairy/deli needs fo sho.
Caution: lots of homeless people linger around and ask for food and money.
As i sad food was great .
Amazing bakery, fresh produce, love the prepared food selection which even caters to vegans!!
The food, the service, the atmosphere it all is incredible.
There was also a little grocery by the register selling various mexican ingredients for food, candy (mazapan!)
I've been to the deli area as well as getting groceries and gift cards.
Pretty good place to buy organic foods and other natural items.
My weekly pilgrimage to hy-vee keeps my household well stocked in produce, meat, other foodstuffs, and beer.
Like all good specialty food stores, they have those dangerous little sample bowls lying around.
But i believe this improves mindfulness about where your food comes from and how it is sourced.
It's like whole foods but affordable.
Nice little deli and convenience store.
A  functional deli was on hand to make, what i hear, great sandwiches.
You will find everything under the globe in this food mart.
After shopping, go check out the chinese deli outside for a tasty treat.
We always end up eating at food court.
Its like 3 bucks but always fresh and always delicious.
It is like a large international warehouse of foods and goods from all over.
They have food from all over the world.
I have had the pleasure of going to several different countries and have some serious affinities for certain foods.
They have a huge selection of asian food items and we always find the things we need here.
In addition to food they have all of items for the home mainly from asia.
Food was good, portion was good and service was good.
Regarding the food: the juice bar is recommended.
412-781-1212 visited my parents from california and found this vegetable and fruit market.
I'll admit i'm new to this type of food.
:)     the market is very interesting for someone like me who is clueless as to this type of food.
Look, if you are looking for cheap grocery shopping, go to food lion.
I think that the selection of foods they have is pretty decent for a store this size.
Great deli and cheese selection!
Great selection of fresh food, fish, organic, and gourmet items.
Not everyday you eat inside a grocery store but the food was great, inexpensive and everyone was very friendly.
I'm thinking that if harris teeter and while foods/earth fare had a baby, we'd have this healthy home market.
Highlight here, like it's sister store, is the humongous selection of bulk foods and spices, sold by weight.
I ordered the gyro, which was so yummy and the perfect amount of food.
The only con was waiting for the food...it took almost 40 minutes for the food to come out.
The pricing of our food was amazing...cannot be beat!
And ham-wow-i don't mean their deli ham chopped up but a real ham that has been baked with a glaze.
This is the biggest international market with some of the most interesting varieties of randome food and household items.
Delivery guy was really nice and looked like he cared.
My husband got some dried fruit, as he likes to snack on it at work.
The delli is well staffed and there hot food is fresh.
The funeral luncheon that was catered for our family was delicious.
The food was plentiful and they packaged up the leftovers for us to take home.
This is a very nice grocery with good selections of most staples and fresh foods.
Bulk barn is a bulk food store.
Just love the huge healthy/natural food selection.
I wish the food choices were a little bit larger but what they do offer is still great!
They have different food at canadian costcos then at u.s. costcos.
This place is reasonably priced and all the food is both delicious and healthy.
Other food favorites: -laughing cow cheese is very low calorie at 35 calories per wedge.
-low calorie and delicious frozen soba noodles.
I tried two of the four or five kinds of tacos and both were delicious.
Over a few days we purchased fruit, sushi, cookies, coffee, pastries, and breakfast.
The food here is quite tasty!
I was told they are using the live one to cook whatever food they serve that have chicken in it.
Com bo luc lac was delicious!
A lot of food and very good recommended for everyone to try at least one!
Now to the food part of what co-op offers.
An amazing array of food selections, so many too mention, so let me try to do it here.
You have an option of hot foods: burritos, pizzas, cabbage rolls and chicken wings just to mention a few.
Or you can buy readymade bbq whole chickens with choices of endless side dishes, vegetable, pasta or potato salads.
So whatever your food mood be sure coop will cover it or at least come close.
They have a lot of delicous samples during the day.
On that note, i like their chinese food!
As a certifiable foodie, i about lost my mind in this place.
Wow, this place is amazing, great food, and great service from ricardo and staff.
Trader joe's makes food shopping easy.the prices alone are worth it.
Excellent and authentic mexican food, plus the service is great and the resto is just adorable!
Also, there was so much food that 2 of us couldn't finish.
Lovely cafe, friendly service and great food.
Make sure to order the pastel de nata, creamy and delicious and maybe the best in town.
They have great items and the foodie in me wanted to buy everything in site.
The produce is fresh and delicious.
It's very clean, they have free parking, never crowded, and they have a wide variety of asian foods.
It's hard to find a grocery store like theirs that have any kind of filipino food!
Great food, happy employees, fun shopping experience!
Normally the veggies are picked over but today i had lots of delicious choices.
You will love this place, best food ever.
They are more upscale than your typical supermarket, but i wouldn't necessarily put them in the whole foods league.
That's a good thing because whole foods is overpriced.
They have some good pricing on their vegetables, and they seem to have quite the variety.
Excellent variety of items from beautiful fresh produce to locally baked breads & ice cream to salty snack foods.
Hubby ordered mocha banana wake up call smoothie and had banana chocolate bread that was so moist and delicious.
If you want middle eastern or greek delicacies you have to go here!!
The prepared food they have in their fridge and freezer are on point, try the kibbee in the frozen section.
This unsuspecting gem offers cheap, delicious sandwiches and boasts boar's head quality meats and cheeses.
It feels like a true "corner" deli.
They always have some kind of amazing deal and occasionally some unique fruits and veggies.
There is minimal seating if you want to enjoy your food or drinks in house.
This place is fantastic, the food selection is awesome and the prices are very affordable.
The market has a nice variety of international foods as well.
They have everything from canned goods, frozen food, fresh seafood, produce, and kitchenware.
Right outside their front doors, they even have a selection of prepared foods.
Also they have seafood section where they will clean cut and fried fish for ya.
They have a pretty sweet deli and i can find all of my basics here.
He is clearly proud of his business and the meat is fresh and delicious.
Glad they've got bulk foods and local produce, but as to be expected with co-ops it is a bit pricey.
All the little arabic cheeses and foods i love so much can be found here!
Always delicious, fresh, healthy tasting food.
Not a super fancy place or upscale experience but it's affordable, delicious and clean.
A self service food court.
They also have delicacies for sale such as olive oils, cookies, maple syrup etc.
They looked like they were food walking tours.
We got so much food and all was amazing.
The meat was delicious and super flavorful, and the rice was well cooked and really light.
It's a foodie's dream.
They have a few booths that sell prepared foods too so you can grab a bite while you're there.
My favorite is the indian/moroccan inspired food?
It had a very good selection of snacks, sauces, beverages, noodles, spices, cookware, dinnerware, vegetables, wine/beer and frozen meat.
This great upscale market is in the process of expanding, adding more prepared food options and greater selection.
I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey.
The quality of the beef has been expecially delightful.
Im picky when it come to filipino food.
Although small, have a remarkable variety of products including fresh fruits, veggies and other staples.
And they offer a discount on all natural food items on thursdays, and it is employee owned!
A warehouse full of foods and gifts from around the world.
When they first opened, gap was an open air fruit market.
I can still recall the smells as we would walk through the mountains of fruits and vegetables.
The food was delicious - the chicken wellington was my favorite - and the bartender was friendly, knowledgable and quick.
Great food for catering a party, which i have done multiple times.
It was delicious, i can say that for certain.
Earth fare in southpark was whole foods before southpark had whole foods.
Great beer, great prepared foods, great bake-at-home stuff and lots of grocery items that i don't think you'll find elsewhere.
Great food and awesome service.
All the food served was delicious but my favorite was the yogurt cucumber salad
An italian food paradise ---- wide variety, good quality and competitive prices.
It's abundant with fresh deli selection of prepared foods and meats, cheeses, pasta, bread and etc...
I have been going there since i was a kid, awesome place, great food.
The workers in whole foods make the place what it is.
I had a mushroom & cheese  omelette sandwhich on a ciabatta style bun for $10 it came with some fruits.
Really nice little market with organic fresh veggies, cheeses, hippies, good music and food trucks!
Amazing selection of dried pasta, great cheese & meat deli and tons of great little grocery finds.
Prices were quite good also - especially for the deli.
They have a great selection for the size of the store, notably the beer, wine and fresh food sections.
Nonetheless it has a lot of the same things, including packaged prepared foods (kimbap, dumplings, pancakes, etc.)
Great place to pick up some beverages and a specialty pizza or boar's head deli meat.
From asian food to eastern europe and all over the world.
Come to the store and check it out they even have some hawaiian food and seafood.
Plus the vegetables are reasonably priced.
If i buy other fruit here i have to make a fruit-eating-plan so that it doesn't go bad.
I love that market outlet offers discounts on perfectly good food that would otherwise have gone to waste.
A friend told me about jenifer street market and said they have great prepared foods and meats.
It's probably the instant noodles and tasty food options.
They sell a wide variety of basic "grocery food" along with making their own food.
I would highly recommend going here to get great food or just to stock up on some food items!
I love doing my menu planning by just clicking a button on a picture of an entree that looks delicious.
I often throw out food because i have to buy larger quantities than needed.
I was afraid the food was shipped from toronto.
Even non-food items in the surrounding mall.
More than ten people came in and out and got bahn mi sandwiches, but i got the crab seafood soup.
The crab seafood soup was spicy and they give you the adding aka sprouts, mint, lime.
Cheap, delicious, thanks to yelp i had a delicious lunch.
It looks like they are putting in some sort of a butcher counter and expanding their prepared food business.
They may have the best pulled pork sandwich topped with delicious slaw, in town!
There's a wide variety of fresh breads and chesses along with prepared food.
In addition to all the fresh food the customer service is outstanding!
It's some of the best food in madison, and restaurants along willy street brag about using that brand.
Cheap, affordable mediterranean food that tastes great!
It's in the trader joe's / whole foods realm.
In fact, it really made me think of a tiny whole foods.
Deli section service is always efficient.
There's a small sushi section between the meats and deli.
Vegetarians and raw foodists should love sunflower for it's nice variety of produce and health supplements.
Absolutely delicious food... the employees are so friendly & welcoming... true, genuine mediterranean meals.
I drive from from decarie and the 40 to get me some of that delicious bahn mi.
Huge food warehouse with food around the world.
Good selection of british chocolates and chinese foodstuffs.
It's a hybrid of whole foods and sprouts, just a bit smaller and cheaper.
Excellent chill spot in lakewood with great wholesome food and coffee compliments of local roasters.
They also have a small market with local food ingredients for shopping while waiting for your order.
You probably won't do aaaalllll your shopping here but for food and drink, this is the place.
Great selection of vegetables and fruit from local growers.
Sm&d is probably the most exquisite deli you'll find in pitsburgh.
I'm especially happy with their natural/organic food selection.
Love the fruit smoothie with fresh mango.
It's probably not award winning food but it's good and consistent.
Strong, sweet, delicious iced vietnamese coffee to go after a pho breakfast is the way to go!
Coffee, food, vinyl, clothes, and a store with drug store staples, unique products, and fun items.
They have catered a few parties for us and delivered a few dinners too.
Our family loves their food.
She called their delivery driver and checked with their chef and then called us back!
The deli and meat counter associates are awesome!
I have not yet procured food from the cafe and hot bars but they look ample and inviting.
Also, there are quite a few kinds of asian vegetables for sell every day and they are pretty fresh.
Excellent place to shop for food!
I got the spicy salmon bowl and boy, it was delicious.
Not very unique but excellent for quick shopping for basic food items.
A vietnamese place that delivers!??
Everything was nicely presented and delicious.
The food was really good here .
I would definitely be back to try their other food items and other stuff.
This is one of the og fry's food stores.
But prepared foods are decent, and the sushi is actually edible and affordable!
Theirs are straightforward and delicious, not unlike the street tacos you might find from a taco truck in oakland.
First time here....pretty cool...much more affordable than whole foods and things are very easy to find and nice atmosphere
A better whole foodsesque store.
Esp considering its frozen food!
Over a few days we purchased fruit, sushi, cookies, coffee, pastries, and breakfast.
Fruit/vegetable area is small but has a big variety.
Super low prices, some food close to expiration (hence grocery outlet) but careful shopping will yield great deals.
It was more than enough food for the both of us, even took some home.
Great food and great service.
Best middle eastern food in phoenix by far!
I wish i knew more about indian food.
They seemed to offer quite a bit of staple items, dairy and frozen foods.
Excellent food and service.
The pork was seasoned perfectly and the egg rolls are delicious.
Also they have a delicious vegan peppermint, dark chocolate mocha!!!
Great variety of foods from all over the world.
I liked the food that tastes very fresh.
All the food is great.
The ready to cook foods are very tasty and fresh, and the produce is inexpensive and ripe.
I buy all of my seafood here!
They also have sushi, a hot food station, a sandwich station and lots of little grocery items.
I was impressed with the deli area and some of their prepared meals to go...along with the standard grocery items.
Prices are way lower than whole foods...i imagine they will steal a lot of biz from the whole foods chain.
You can get almost every south asian food item here.
They have a lot of veggies, fruits and spices imported from india.
Verdict: this store is definitely worth a visit if you are looking to cook up some indian food at home.
Its like a huge asian food museum.
Their in store brand of sauces, etc is actually really delicious.
But many really only come in for their grill/juicebar/deli/prepared food section which is quite impressive.
Delicious smoothies, cookies and salad bar.
I wish there was  tax on bad for you foods because it causes increase health costs.
It's more expensive than ge of course, but you're definitely getting better tasting, healthier food for your money.
I always buy their egg tarts and eat a delicious meal there too.
Around 5-6pm, they'll have discounted price for unsold hot food in package, and the price usually range from $4.99-6.99.
I've been living in az for 3 years and been looking for good, authentic middle eastern food.
It is very reasonably priced and it was good quality food.
I'm so happy i found a place that makes authentic middle eastern food and doesn't bland it down.
It's because they sell outstanding organic and low calorie/fat food items.
Definitely as good as whole foods market.
This place also has a great hot food and salad bar section.
Friendly service and yummy food!
We had the standard size and mini pasteis, and they were both amazing, delicious filling and crunchy tart shell.
We always take out-of-town guests there, and they are always delighted with the experience and load up on baklava.
The food is creative and well done, the atmosphere is welcoming and intriguing, and everything is affordable.
If you are looking for a boutique grocer/deli/wine shop, reid's is the place.
Very delicious and reasonably priced.
The freshness of vegetables tends to be better then that of fruit, especially during the winter months.
----  update - - they also make fresh deli sandwiches there during the lunch hour.
Large selection of vegies, cold cuts, breads, wines and take out foods.
There is also a seafood and cheese section with almost anything "one" would want.
They also offer delivery, but for a $75 fee.
The food, fruits and flowers are extraordinary.
Heisei is located in j town, a market that sells ready to eat food, pre packaged goodies, and snacks.
No fresh vegetables or fruits, but a lot of made-in-store things like sushi.
This is a wonderful alternative to whole foods, but i do love whole foods!
I love organic, clean foods and this store delivers.
One difference is their beer and wine selection is a good but larger than whole foods.
If you're and whole foods/earth fare fan give this place a look just to branch out.
She could not rave enough about the food and she was right.
And i have become quite a fan of bulk foods.
Great sandwiches and pre made foods, good spot to get a glass of wine.
Wine, coffee, cheesecake, cookies, and food!
Much easier to access from sandusky than the whole foods located closer in the city.
Prices at albertson's are okay, i wouldn't recommend buy fruits or meat there since it is pricey.
The place itself was clean, people were friendly and food was good.
They have a hot bar, a salad bar and a nice deli area.
Another great experience at the princess deli.
The food court is the best!
Being vegan it can be hard to find accessible food options ~ natures oasis offered an abundance of options.
I especially love their bulk foods section, and they make tasty smoothies here.
Whole paycheck oops...i mean whole foods south of the border could probably learn something new from loco.
The dried pantry foodstuffs, cleaning agents, kombucha are all sold in bulk and by weight.
The veggies are locally, quebec grown and in the fall, winter and root vegetables rule here.
The food market is in the back.
They serve these delicious tacos outside that are to die for!
It's definitely an interesting place to browse, and prices are definitely less than whole foods market.
While visiting the boyfriend's parents, his mom needed to go to the international marketplace to pick up some seafood, etc.
Like many others mentioned, it's like a costco of international foods.
With half of the store consisting of asian foods.
Definitely check out the international marketplace if you like food!
Mostly because of hte bulk food section.
The other products are a little expensive, but that's cuz they're super delicious & high organic quality.
Or to grab some of the freshest fruit (where do they get the beautiful produce out here?
I like the food at their snack bar too.
I always come in to buy their frozen fruit & kale for my morning smoothies.
Great greek food on the go.
You can find everything like at any supermarket and also good greek products like delicious olives.
They serve smoothies made from fresh fruits, fresh cut fruits, horchata, and other mexican or spanish-origin beverages.
But the fresh fruit smoothie is a great value, healthy and delicious.
As far as fruits, the prices are reasonable to cheap, and for the most part very fresh.
Good prices, good food and tasty baclava!
Food is always delicious and they cater to our vegan diets.
They could probably find a better place to put these items (perhaps in the section with the prepared food/meals).
Love princess market for their food and market.
Fresh, yummy food.. great coffee and best of all happy, friendly people who work there and call you by name.
Btw the galleria brand kimchi is very delicious and fresh with no msg.
The deli department had a nice fella erik helped me out and made great suggestions on foods i should try.
This offering clearly beats albertsons, my usual go-to produce location, and leaves still overpriced whole foods in the dust.
Fresh vegetables, organic half n half, eggs, grass fed beef.
The food was delicious and service was great.
The fresh fruits and fresh vegetables are a staple for me.
They have a meat counter with fresh choices, a deli meat section with the same.
They also have delivery.
The bread is locally baked, vegetables & fruits are fresh.
They have varieties of shelf foods you won't find elsewhere.
Please support this wonderful grocery/deli/restaurant gem.
They also have an amazing deli bar with boar's head meats.
Anyways, go there on wednesday for his delicious $1 tacos, they are great.
There's a large deli menu and very fresh tasty coffee, in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelves.
Aldi always has lower prices on vegetables and produce compared to other stores.
Our food was very tasty and fresh and we will definitely return for more meals and perhaps some grocery items.
Nothing fancy, service is good, prices are good and food is great.
The chinese food is delicious and the fish buffet is very delish.
However, the ease of shopping, helpful smiles, and delicious food are what keep me coming back.
Otherwise there is some random off brand sodas and canned food, but nothing left to come rushing here for.
Ideal grocery store for specialty foods.
I guess they don't make any of their own food which is a huge turn off.
The deli meats are all board head which means the slicers are not contaminated.
Deli items are great, always fresh and they have terrific rotisserie chicken, the white wine is my favorite.
Overripe fruit and weltering vegetables, and that's why i took a star off.
The food was very good and pretty well priced.
I love their teas, frozen food, natural cocoa, now their pumpkin coffee.
We are avid foodies, so looking at all the amazing different options was overwhelming.
I love the selection of food and of dishes that they have!
But...they have a great selection of food and non food products from all over the world.
Such fresh food with a quant, cozy atmosphere.
Food is clean, fresh!
Ana also carries selected homemade delicacies, such as romanian sausage.
Oh my gosh the food was so amazing.
On top of everything they already did for us they also helped deliver our food!
The food was so fresh and wonderful, i got the carrot hot dog and vegan coleslaw!
I stocked up on healthy protein bars, quick oats and fruit.
Natures oasis is a perfect spot to hang out and eat healthy foods!
Produce & deli area always offers fresh looking items.
I love the perimeter at albertsons (bakery, deli, produce, meat).
An absolutely great food store.
However, the entrees were delicious.
Their deli, sushi, and wine choices will make any event you plan (or didn't plan!)
Larger and better laid out than most of their other stores, with a very good ethic food section.
The market has aisles labeled mediterranean, italian, german and a much bigger section dedicated to asian, polynesian food.
They have an impressive selection for all the different food.
Prices are far better than other health food markets!
The food is amazing and very authentic.
They are not really a organic store but a lot of there food does not use pesticides or hormones.
They have good prices and good quality food!
I can get a ton of food for $30 or less (for the week).
Delicious, authentic middle eastern food!
They also have a great vitamin and supplement section and a great juice bar and section to order your food.
Haha   edit: feb 9...tried the white wine salmon with orzo...easy and delicious..see pics!
Organic, nourishing, affordable food, social conscience, neighborhood-friendly and responsive, and so much more.
Food:  ordered the kabob combo to try a mixture of items.
Price:  $11.50 for quite a bit of food.
Food: 4 service: 3 environment: 3  price: 4
Food = 4 (food is fresh and good quality).
I shop here often when i'm looking for organic, clean food choices.
I can't find everything on my shopping list, but they definitely deliver in a hurry.
Great place to shop for good, clean food.
They directed me to fry's food store when i politely declined the local safeway.
I grabbed some fruit, a bottle of juice and my sunning items and was on my way.
Stephani smiles for fry's food stores of arizona ;)
I'll start off with the food- uh-ma-zing!
This store is much bigger than the other food lions near me.
I go here for all my international food needs.
The meat and seafood sections are clean and it's obvious the fish is very fresh.
I'm also glad they carry kale since they have a very limited selection of vegetables.
Love this company and it's meal delivery service.
I recently signed up for this meal delivery service and have been using is for few weeks now.
The food: love it!
The food is fresh and apparently local as well.
Food is fresh, staff is fun, and it is a neat historic family friendly facility.
Great selection of craft beers, deli, etc.
I like it because they stocked an allergy-free frozen food i didn't know existed.
Go for the deli, grab a beer/wine and enjoy.
Food is great in their food courts too -- the chinese food is our favorite!
The food here is incredibly good & you cannot beat the price.
This is a great food basics!
I just grabbed a gyro for lunch, and i must say, this is one delicious gyro.
The food is definitely the best mediterranean i've had in the valley.
The hummus is thick and delicious too.
Go in not expecting much but awesome food at a very reasonable price.
The deli counter is staffed by some excellent people, always extremely friendly and helpful.
Shelves are higher, more plentifully stocked, and a real nice deli counter towards the back.
One guy who's a bit of a food snob (he cooks up a storm!)
The sandwich was half the price of the deli on smallman, and much better".
I want this place to succeed - no attitude really nice people with good food and pretty reasonable.
This place has affordable and very delicious meats and food!
For the regular (though pricey) grab & go raw food gourmet options available , 4 stars.
Great food, great people, quick to order and lots of fun.
Seriously, a lot of buffet lunches are nothing to write home about, but this food is excellent.
Falling off the bone - delicious!
Great place to shop for meats and other types of food.
If it tastes nearly as good as the pictures i saw, it's bound to deliver!
A very good food stop today.
Great deli area with many food items to choose from.
It carries really unique things from different places including foods, cook ware, plates, teas, candies, ect.
2016 yelp 100 review challenge - 34/100  there's a new natural foods grocery market in town!
They cover a variety of natural and health conscious brands i haven't seen at sprouts and whole foods.
It's very unique and somewhere i could see myself shopping often with my love for organic and natural foods!
And try the natural walnut butter samples, delish!
There are wonderful salads and sandwiches to buy, local produce, cage-free eggs, and delicious handmade breads.
And they are a lot more reasonable than, say, whole foods.
The food is always fresh and full of flavor.
You can find a lot of great food items in their store.
Biggest store downtown  many veggies pizzas beer,  five ninety nine food.
Great salad bar, and like the hot food buffet, it is all $5.99 a pound.
Lots of wines and cheese, and generally upper end prepared foods and ingredients.
Amazing food every time.
When i moved to az i needed basics like picture frames, cleaning supplies, basic food items, etc.
There food was really very good!
If i lived closer i'd definitely just get the food to go instead.
Their seafood & meat counters are awesome.
The baklava is mouth watering delicious here!
Anything from their deli and meat department is delicious, but then again, so is everything in the store.
So glad that they carry sushi and delicious prepared meats at a great price.
Fantastic food from the restaurant side and amazing selection of deli items!
Fresh organic produce, selections of eastern european specialties and the option for delivery make it one of my favorite places!
They did a really good job remodeling the place.
Their prices for produce and meat are better than food 4 less and appear fresher to me, as well.
Great coffee station in the morning, pretty good salad bar and sushi bar for lunch, nice prepared foods for dinner.
The food is awesome, the atmosphere is wonderful and the people are so nice.
Also the food is cheap!!
Trust me the deli is excellent!
He was happy to assist me and served me this delicious sheep's cheese with rosemary covered rind.
I used to shop at whole foods, but never again.
Helpful staff, great food and cozy stores with fun decor.
The knockwurst (i got the spicy ones) are delicious, with a great snap.
This is a real food market.
Outdoor area with with tons of fresh vegetables i got a bag of meyer lemons for two bucks.
The fresh-prepared foods looked amazing, and the cream cheese and vegetables i got were fantastic.
I really like this place... the food has been great both times i've been there.
There seafood section & selection is awesome as well.
I'm a seafood lover and they are now offering a planned meal.
The food they sell here is fresh, especially the cheese!
The food and service was amazing.
Great food at a reasonable price.
This includes predominantly chinese, japanese, korean, and filipino foods.
Best deli sandwhiches !
This place has a ton of local food, which includes produce, meats and a good mix of other products.
Overwhelming variety of foods from all over the world.
What you may not know is the hummus from the deli is amazing it's homemade by jimmy's (?)
I'll now be able to while away my  food shopping time chez adonis.
Same great prepared food counters,pastry and baked goods,and a butcher counter for meat lovers.
Great slection of natural and organic foods and a great price to go along.
Their bakery makes really amazing desserts and their hot foods are pretty good too.
For some reason, even after being immersed in many cultures, asian food is a tough one for me.
They have a nice variety of specialty food and a wide selection of fruits and vegetables.
Sandwiches were delicious and i look forward to coming back for coffee, food, or groceries!
The food is tasty and the owners have really updated a lot in the restaurant area of the market.
The deli/salad counter people were amazing and there was such a fun selection of so many wonderful things!
I really like going to this grocery store for my organic products rather than the whole foods.
My manager then wanted to walk around the store and eat his way through the free food samples.
The chicken pot stickers and lemon coconut bars are delightful, too.
I can now say i have found local chambana tacos worthy of my californian bougie princess street food standards.
It was perfection topped with deliciously grilled spring onions to boot.
We are picky about our mexican food because we make the best carnitas.
Even my kids have favorite food items here!
But, on whether they offer delicious pao de queijo (brazilian cheese bread), they have tj's beat.
Seriously, after having to survive on foodland, the only "neighborhood" grocery store in mt.
Kuhn's has absolutely surpassed foodland.
I've even discovered new products here, like my delicious lara fiber bars.
I'm surprised at the nice gourmet cheese selection, the big deli area and even a counter for fresh seafood.
The staff is helpful and the food is fresh.
It's easy to navigate cause each aisle has a label of which country the food are from.
Love coming to this place for great deals and great food at the deli.
The food here is amazing.
We found such a great deal on avocados, fruits on tuesday and weds.
They have so many tropical fruits that cant be found in other markets.
I havent tried the sweet department yet, but all the fruits are great!
The prepared foods section is amazing, and the interior is just as impressive.
Always fresh bakery.my hasband loves to buy marinated lamb and it's delicious!i'd love they got more deli.
Great beef empanadas, full of surprises and delicious!
Get there as often as i can for those hard-to-find asian foods.
Nice grocery store with all the basics plus more--deli, flowers, imported cheese, etc.
The gyro sandwich was the best one i've ever had; it was delicious, and not greasy, nor was it dry.
But sadi is marketing the business out and the food will speak for itself.
Their lasagna and veal parm were absolutely delicious.
So friendly, so full of fresh delicious everything you could ever want.
Great place where you can buy organic food and large selection of vegan food..
I was pleasantly surprised with this little big deli!
It was super delicious and it took less than four minutes so that was great too.
The fish omfg this place is so much better then "whole foods".
Typical small asian food store.
Quirky decor, matched with awesome food!
The food is great !
Takes 20-25 min so better you call the restaurant  and pick up the food.
Their produce selection has exotic vegetables which i had never heard of and it seemed to be reasonable priced.
Even if you don't need any food check this place out it's definitely worth meandering around at least once.
I love their iced vanilla tea latte.. its tasty.. its vanilla-y.. its delicious !
The best... the hot food section is on point.
Menu is healthy and delicious and very diversified.
Each of their balanced meals averages in price less than a greasy takeout/delivery meal.
Came in last tuesday and received great service at the deli meat and cheese service counter.
Still great food... prices have gone up a bit.
Great service, best tasting food, and a clean environment... what's more to ask?
It was about lunch time so i decided to head for the deli to get a sandwich.
The bakery and deli are comparable to the those of most supermarkets with two distinctions.
Then the rest of the store are mostly fresh produce, and shelves of spices, junk foods, and pantry foods.
Not the staff, but the food itself!
They consistently deliver the best: produce, cosmetics, health supplements, nutrition books, seminares and events.
I live on the east side and don't always want to drive to seafood city.
This place has all the things i need like lumpia wrappers and veggies just a little more pricier than seafood.
Honestly the atmosphere and the food is amazing.
I love to stop in food city for mexican pastries and candy.
At this food city they make tortillas there daily!!
I find that the prices and quality for the meat and seafood are very good.
Grocery, meat, seafood, produce, deli are all clearly separated and where applicable the unit prices are printed out in full!
One of my favorite parts about the restaurant was the menu had pictures for every single food item.
They also carry canned and fresh jackfruit, which some vegan recipes call for.
Lots of seafood and meats that look fresh.
A fresh prepared foods section that runs the gamut of sushi, dim sum and korean.
There was plenty of food for two people (my wife and i).
The place is casual, but the food is good.
My wife is particularly picky about the freshness of the food, and she said the food tasted fresh for her.
I would recommend this place to anybody who wants simple, good, middle eastern food, with good service.
One of the best delicious deli sandwich that i have had in a long time!
And i dont go to fastfood.
The best store bought prepared food i have had.
I go there now and pick and choose from their prepared food selection.
They have wonderful choices of non standard foods - chicken catalan, spicy chicken, etc....excellent!
The food is terrific but i wished they had a "milder" red salsa...
I'm a big foodie and besides everyone knows pho is all about the broth.
Yes kuhns sells food, but i go there for the balloons, house plants and flowers.
This is the best store to get food hands down!
Like ikea, costco also has a cafeteria with cheap comfort food!
They do lack variety in the vegetables section.
My korean food cravings have been satiated.
Their prepared food section (and bakery) is exceptional.
All of the other fruits are pretty good.
Good food, fresh, easy to make!
Amazing customer service, amazing prices and amazing food!
This store is immaculately clean and has some mean chicken wings in the deli: extra crunchy, salty, and meaty.
So refreshing to be able to get great quality healthy food that doesn't cost an arm and leg!!
I of course love their food but the people make it a really enjoyable experience.
As far as deli's go, this one is great.
They have a large selection of gourmet foods (meats, cheeses, and everything in between) and the staff is very friendly.
I've gone here a few times now and my most recent culinary delight was the cutlet sandwich (see photo).
What's a deli lover to do when he's running late from work?
They offer fresh baked goods, fresh tortillas, hot kitchen, deli counter..and a whole lot more.
Excellent prices on vegetables and fruits.
They also offer free samples of the food you are interested in.
A great option for healthy food in a quick grab and go or dine in concept.
The fruit infused courtesy water is a nice touch.
They have a lot of small bites of food for sale with an emphasis on locally grown health foods.
I definitely recommend to try their deli sandwiches, the meat is so fresh and tastes really yummy.
The traditional greek sweets are also very delicious.
Husband and i absolutely love the food here.
Love that they have a small market with lots of international sweets and food available.
Gino's deli is a medium sized store that offers artisan goods such as olives, bread, cheeses etc.
But it also has a large deli counter where customers can order one of their made to order sandwiches.
Ok j'ai essayé  le sardines , le fruits de mer et aujourd'hui  sandwich omelette  végétarienne  pas vege .
Lolso delicious  and buttery accompagné  de salade d'epinards 10$ imbatable
Lots of choices in a huge warehouse of food.
It's very good for junk and snack foods.
And for other large ticket items you might care for like frozen foods.
This is a really nice kuhn's with loads of fresh produce and a dandy deli, seafood, and meat counter.
Tired of whole foods dropping your favorite skus because they are a part of amazon?
They had a great selection of produce and organics, just like every other whole foods i've been to!
Very friendly mom and pop service (including a fat, delightful son), and great food.
Not only a functional convenience store, frenchi's offers an assortment of cheap, tasty deli sandwiches, salads, paninis, and wraps.
It's refreshing to see a business owner so engaged in fostering a community around his food.
While a frenchi's sandwich won't make you skinny, they're a delicious choice for a game day, or drunk snacking.
If you're looking for amazing italian food items milano is your heaven.
You get in line, order from the menu, given number and the food gets served at your table.
Food is very good and service is excellent.
I don't know where they get their bread but it is fresh and delicious.
The food was all very good.
Not sure what the meat was marinated in but it was super delicious
It held and rewarmed delightfully.
The food was warm and delicious.
We find that we don't stock up on any junk food when we go.
All the food is cooked by nonnas around the area.
We had their seafood salads with garbanzo beans and warm sandwiches as well as their deserts and coffee.
We loved the friendly service and the location, and the food was delicious and unique but reasonably priced.
Pisces sets the standard in seafood in toronto.
A tip, aurora labeled food is not necessarily high quality.
I actually advise against eating any of the food because if you look at the caloric content you will die.
Helpful staff, good food, reasonable prices.
It's like whole foods in la but cheaper and not surrounded by panhandlers.
I saw they have a restaurant as well, so next time i'll order some food and try it out.
This place has amazing food from the deli, the sushi bar, etc.
The foods rotate basically everyday, so there's always something new to try.
Other than the fresh food though, the variety of "grocery store food" is splendid as well.
They are open 24 hours, and the deli is open til 10pm.
The hot foods here are fantastic.
This place is attached to a deli and the atmosphere is comfortable.
Overall the food was very good.
You can grocery shop and find unique spices and treats while you wait for your food from the restaurant!
Kind of reminds me of whole foods.
Very clean and good selection of fruit and vegetables.
I also enjoy that they have a large selection of organic food and gluten free.
Serving authentic mexican food.
The hot bar is amazing, truly delicious.
They also have a huge selection of gluten-free foods.
Delicious sicilian sub and greek pasta salad.
Their meals-to-go are a delicious (and healthier) "fast food" option, they have specialty pizzas for $2.50 ($2.50!!!).
Also, i love the 50% off section - it's full of delicious stuff for crazy cheap.
The deli is a treat offering a variety of sides including meet balls ..... bring some
I buy my frozen vegetables and fish here.
These food will be useful because i need more proteins on my diet...
This cafe was part of 'the old montreal' food tour.
Super friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices.
Bakery also tasty, and deli nice too.
A decent place to shop for food is the mark of a town's liveability.
A small, locally owned grocery store full of friendly faces and nifty food finds.
I love how they have a natural foods section and that's where i buy most of my groceries.
This section has a great selection of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free foods.
Being able to know your food is safe without spending tons of time looking at labels is great.
I have never seen a grocery store sell gluten free bread that wasn't frozen, not even sprouts or whole foods.
I am so impressed by this store and their willingness to stock different types of food to accommodate different diets.
Fresh fruits and veggies are an important part of my grocery shopping so this is a bummer.
Additionally, there seems to be a problem with the freezer in the natural foods section.
If they get fresher fruits and veggies and fix that freezer, it's 5 stars all the way!
Local businesses displaying their lovely crafts, produce, and foods.
The food trucks are another selling point for me.
Mi vegana madre, a vegan taco food truck, is my favorite.
This place is actually selling organic food at affordable prices!
Absolutely delicious,  they do everything possible to make coffee and tea an experience not just a drink.
I'll be back for the authentic mexican items whenever we want "real" mexican foods.
So it looks "questionable," but let me assure you that they do serve food here.
I like this place... for similar price, i would much rather enjoy my burger here than any fast food joint.
Man, this whole foods has really turned into a battle zone.
In addition, they have everything you need and any food for any diet.
All of them were quite delicious!
But the food wasn't the only impressive part about this establishment.
Excellent middle eastern food!
Have had a quick lunch there and also had food ordered for a party - excellent always!
Fruit is hit or miss and there is only one actually helpful employee at the deli counter.
I like the boar's head deli inside this store.
$4 for a delicious flavourful sandwich of crunchy fresh baguette and contrasting yet crazy delicious flavour.
It's like an explosion of flavour in your mouth that is crunchy and delicious.
Love this store, from the chocolate covered almonds to the vast selection of organic fruits and veggies.
Poblano peppers  tomatillos mexican bathtub cheese (ha ha) tortilla chips dulce de leche  a variety of canned adobo foods.
And the back serves some of the best prepared foods on the weekends.
As far as the prepared foods, i have now purchased quite a bit from them.
I love their breakfast foods and icees.
Lots of organic food, and lots of different organic brands to choose from.
Lots of organic fruit as well that's priced fine (apples, white peaches, red and green grapes, etc).
Anyways, a great one stop shop for your health food shopping.
My only issues is how quickly some of the foods from this store go bad.
And of course fresh fish and other interesting delicacies.
I also bought a large bag of grapefruit for $2 as well.
I'll definitely be back to support the local vendors, keep growing good food, and phoenix will eat it!
Definitely light years ahead of food loin and harris teeter.
I would at their direct competitor is whole foods.
!.......and i have no problem paying for great food!
Stopped by on our way to wisconsin dells for some basic camping food; sturgeon, white shrimp, cheese!
I'm not a city person so delis are new to me.
They were both delicious.
Our waitress was super nice and the food was delicious.
The food is deadly good and fresh.
The deli counter and staff picks/suggestions have taken sandwiches to a whole new level around our house!
There's packages of a variety of fresh cut up fruit and a container of  yogert for breakfast.
Loads of other prepared foods at reasonable prices.
After work the store is crowded with locals doing their regular food shopping.
It's a great way to 1) avoid fast food.
The cost for a meal here is around the same (or less) than fast food.
I shop here almost everyday as the meals are delicious.
I don't grocery shop anymore, i usually just make a stop here everyday and pick out my day's food.
I spend about the same when i combine my old grocery and random fast food budget.
Such a variety in the food and drinks they offer!
The fruit tasted sweet and fresh!!
Can't wait to update this review with more, once i eat more food from here
The lentils were so delicious that i wish i had rice to go along with it.
I like this ranch market, very big and you can find everything you need here, got fresh fruits and vegetables.
I love shopping here for produce, healthy junk food, beauty products, and specialty ingredients.
The best part: the food 'court'.
Best mexican food in montreal, fast service and delicious meals.
Everything on the menu is delicious and authentic!
Delicious food and selection of portuguese goodies was heavenly.
I know that my food is always fresh and healthy.
Absolutely love it, clean place,  great customer service and very good quality fruit.
Third, they have a great selection of food.
They have a really cool wellness section and they have a prepared food section that is so amazing.
I would be deserving of demerit yelp points if i didn't mention the amazing prepared foods section and bakery.
Soft spongey cakes (they do custom), breads, and a hot/deli section with a wide range of dimsum.
It is a locally owned health food and supply store,now there is a good selection of vitamins and supplements .
They have drinks, soy items, gluten free, filtered water, dog food, and frozen items.
I shared a princess platter with my mother and it was huge and delicious!
They stock poison berry vegan bakery items, nature's bin vegan deli items (macaroni salad, potato salad, desserts, etc.).
This place is a true treasure in las vegas for all you ethnic foodies who like to cook.
A great source for authentic imported food and specialties from your home country.
Pasta with broccoli and pancetta was exactly what i expected and very delicious.
The deli keeps it classic with their offerings but their ingredients are top notch.
Great place to grab organic food in phoenix.
It would have been a 5 star if food came out a bit quicker.
The pre made food they sell is cheap and good enough.
The menu though is filled with a lovely selection of mouth watering food.
The shrimp spring roll was filled with vegetables, shrimp and rice noodles.
It was refreshing and delicious.
It came out on a sizzling platter, blistering hot with steam rising from the meat and vegetables.
The vegetables were well cooked.
I also indulged in a passion fruit drink, made with fresh passion fruit.
The food is good in the restaurant but i mostly go for the market.
This is the best mediterranean food in arizona hands down.
The good is consistently delicious.
If you're looking for cheap, authentic mexican food, this is the place.
Yeah, the place isn't the greatest-looking place to eat, but the food is fresh and flavorful.
I like this store because they sell some mexican groceries and also have mexican food ready-to-order.
Delicious and healthy "value added" items.
Everything was fresh and the vegetables looked just delivered.
I opted for the il golfetta salami and the 18-month old prosciutto, both of which were delicious.
This is a wonderful traditional middle eastern grocery and deli.
The only thing better than the food was our waitress.
They came with fruit and baguettes.
Based on everything else i'm sure they'll be delicious.
I get so inspired with food markets, esp.
Almost forgot to mention the baklava was delicious as well.
Is this the nicest whole foods i've ever been to?
It's still a whole foods and i love it.
You can't have a healthy item from the bakery and expect it to be delicious.
Would i shop at whole foods on the regular for all my grocery needs?
I came here today with my colleague mainly for their dim sum serving at their food court area.
I love the natural organic grapefruit juice!
The house kimbab was fresh and delicious.
Huge selection of veggies... great sale going on... well organized.. good selection of priya and gits mix instant foods.
It was so much fun to wander each isle and look at all the different foods people eat and create.
:) they also have a variety of other great delicacies from across europe so definitely worth checking out!
This is authentic, delicious vietnamese food.
A cornucopia of food and and neighbourhood folks under a big green roof buying discount groceries?
They will deliver, to your home or office, a refrigerated box of portioned ingredients and recipe instructions.
The few times i've been, the deli section hasn't been crowded so i've gotten quick service.
I hate going to places (glazier's) where the deli line in 10 deep.
Only complaint is that price is higher than usual fry's food and drug.
I love lebanese food and this is a very good place!
I ordered the chicken kebab plate with tabouli and all was delicious.
I also like the other prepared foods that they have and they are at a very competitive price.
Food is always bomb here so the wait is well worth it.
Absolute plethora of global foods can be found here at the international marketplace.
The lasagna was delicious.
Huge selection of products from all over the world plus fresh seafood and a massive frozen food section.
The food is also good.
The cooked food section is amazing!
They have an amazing selection of korean and filipino foods, but a bit short on the chinese products.
Great for health nuts, foodies, and organic food lovers.
The food seemed to be very fresh, and very well priced.
All your organic food and flowers are dope.
The food is so good here!
Went in this evening because i'm remodeling my kitchen.
The food here is amazing!
The food is so flavorful, not too greasy, it feels very authentic.
Good for student budget, specially if you are looking fruit and vegetables (and don't mind them not being organic).
All the salsas and the most delicious cheese...oxaca!
If you like mexican food this is a good start!
The hot deli and bakery section at the back of the market is equally outstanding.
Both our deli orders were succulent and well-seasoned--a real hit.
Coffee shop, with snacks and quick grab items as well as a cafe for food.
Cute little cafe, pastis de nata were delicious and fresh and staff were very sweet and helpful.
Also, they accept food stamps, which is awesome.
Overall publix is a great addition to what is becoming a really good food and grocery scene in charlotte.
They lose a star because of there vegetables and fruits  are bad low grade and priced high.
The point is, the food here is really good.
If you don't particularly care for the seating area, just get your food to go.
The bakery and deli are nice.the meat section is really good and i would recommend getting the organic chicken breasts.
Pretty good filipino food - buffet style!
And for that, i am here often for fresh vegetables and fruit.
I also love their mashed cauliflower and cauliflower rice, orange chicken and the vegetable birds nests.
I loved working for the company and even more, i loved the food.
I love buying food from people who raise it themselves.
There were so many spices, teas, candies, cookies, seafood, exotic vegetables, and even live fish and oysters!
Once a grocery that served food, now a restaurant that still has some grocery items.
It is good, simple mexican food.
Multiple varieties of buffalo mozzarella, fresh pasta, dried fruit.
Tons of international snacks, treats, food, decorations, fresh seafood to go or to cook on the spot.
Having an easily available and delicious vegetarian option is great when non-carnivores come to town.
They've got a massive deli/prepared foods section with things that i've never even seen in other co-ops in the city.
Their produce is ridiculously fresh and yes, they have a very impressive bulk foods section.
I was visiting tempe and in the mood for mediterranean food.
And wow was the food good!
This was honestly the best mediterranean food i've had and it's such a great deal.
Great food and authentic ambiance.
It came with a lot of food and didn't leave me disgusted and full.
Great salad bar and health food spot
Prepared foods don't look so hot.
Superfood salads, organics galore, drinks and alcohol from all over the place and almost all of it healthy!!!
I just need to win the lottery so i can eat food from there every day, that's all.
The seafood bar and olive bar are great.
The smoked salmon salad is so delish!
This place is a true asian food market.
U can get fresh cut meat and wide variety of fresh sea foods like oyster, lobster,crab,blue crab,fish,shrimp, squid etc.
Just you need to get inside and u will find all varieties of asian foods here.
One of those sparse, no frills places with outstandingly fresh & flavorful food.
The food and service were great.
The food is so delicious and the staff is so kind.
You might be wondering why you would order this food - you still have to make it!
Normally when we order delivery, we spend at least $50 for the 2 of us.
It was crowded because sundays are when the students get their food for the week from here.
The prices for the deli were decent.
Largest selection of everything you need but food wise i ll go to ruler to buy basic stuff.
They made really good food, had fast and friendly service and gave us free tequila shots.
Awesome food and great service.
:)  also, alot of the food at pusateries is imported or even made infront of your eyes!
The pre-made food in the deli?
Not a fast food place, but your able to order, grab and go as if it were one.
More then just a deli.
They are also a deli offering several breads, salads, and pasta.
There is also multiple italian foods and oils offered also.
Their meat and seafood is very cheap and good.
This is a very nice hyvee witha large selection, although it could have more organic fruits.
Everyone's food was delicious, and they were so friendly and thorough!
Just came in for food from the restaurant area.
Are very personable and the return policy is second-to-none (unlike many of the other retail food chains).
Second, i can get stroopwafels here, which are delicious dutch cookies.
Yes, it is a predominately asian grocery and supply store, but it also carries other international food stuffs.
Now that it's closing, i don't know where i will find their delicious chocolate granola...
They also have a hot food counter for your typical mexican flare.
Best selection of international specialty foods las vegas has to offer.
Also, they started putting out a basket of fruits for the little ones.
So fresh and delicious!
They have an incredible deli.....a fantastic wine, beer, and liquor selection....this place is a hidden gem.....
Food came out fast, service was fantastic, quality was high, and price was right.
Hot foods section 3.
Please note in my yelp profile this is one of my favourite foods.
They also have an awesome prepared food section if you're feeling too lazy to cook dinner.
Why pay ridiculous prices at whole foods when i can get the same for much less?
The recipe was developed by his wife at home, and it really shines through their food.
They also claim to be a gourmet foodies paradise.
They sell clothes, electronics, food and household items.
The pizza is delicious and the staff is decent.
Organic food - a great selection and fresh!
Canned foods - i don't really care as i prefer glass jars.
The meat is choice & it would be great if they had stage 4 like whole foods!
Very clean, helpful & happy employees, and delicious produce.
Great selection of vegan and gluten-free alternatives, more so than other health food stores in the area.
Had a delicious meal two nights in a row from here.
Great food and the service was good also!
If you have never been to a sprouts, it is like a cross between trader joe's, and whole foods.
Fun, fresh healthy, & lot of organic food, but not as expensive as wf!!
It was so flavorful and delicious!
This is the best natural foods grocery store in town, hands down.
What sets willy street apart from it's peers is its unrivaled produce department and it's amazing deli.
Pros:  -best of the best local food options.
Loved my delicious kofta plate!
Awesome food, the best i've had of this type for sure.. reasonable price, friendly and helpful staff!
Also, the chinese food is pretty darn good.
There's quite a selection and variety of fresh fruits and vegetables - organic and non-organic.
I love that they have bulk foods in their health food section.
Stopped in to try the food court.
The seafood & meat area rivals fresh market's as well.
They also have a food court area with decent pricing and food.
Return policy is great for produce when you get less than perfect fruit and veggies.
Friendly staff, great variety in products and i have been especially delighted w their frozen food items!!
I love the sushi grade fish options and the live food options as well.
A little lacking in scandinavian food but plenty of choices from everywhere else.
I tried them and they were delicious.
Candy and bulk foods are generally very well priced; if you have a bbq upcoming, check this place out.
I had a poutine and a hotdog today, their food is good quality and you can't go wrong!
Had prepared food that looked great.
This is my go to spot for "working from home" and i always enjoy the coffee and breakfast food.
Just got my first delivery from chefs plate.
The end result of my food was great!
I've been eating korean food for years.
I'm picturing the food now.....mmmm.
Princess mediterranean market offers food fit for a princess (or a group of 6 hungry food adventurers)!
I will definitely be back for more delicious dishes and to check out the market.
Great selection of wines, cheeses, and fruit.
I love mediterranean food and seek it out whenever i can.
But the biggest shocker was the food.
They also have a deli inside but i didn't sample that.
The strongsville location has a really decent grocery/produce/deli section as well!
Great selection of delicious foods.
It seems to take the best parts of trader joe's combined with whole foods...at reasonable prices.
They have a great selection of food and prices, without the costco quantities.
I can find food here that i don't find anywhere else.
Service is prompt and usually food is pretty fast to come out.
It's affordable and delicious, get your butt down there now.
Both times, we were given menus promptly and the food arrived quickly.
The bakery is loaded with lots of other delicious looking items that i have also tried.
It was busy when we arrived but food came up quickly.
A nice fresh vegetable accompanied the pho.
Organic foodie fan stop.
Adorable cafe, great food!
Go to el charro and eat real mexican food.
This is probably the best vietnamese food i've had in phoenix.
The passion fruit drink mixed with honey is quite remarkable.
Also, there is a store next door as well were i bought 2lb of passion fruit.
Customer service was just as good as the food.
A perfect example of simple food at a simple price done legendary.
Tasty mexican food is always on the menu.
In the interim, it is clear they want to deliver everything they possibly can in their retail space.
Calzones;  sandwiches prepared to order; a large deli counter;  a sushi bar that prepares on site; a soup/salad bar, etc.
In all areas of the hot lunch counter, the deli, and meat and seafood, staff is plentiful.
The food is always good.
They are always amazed at the verity of foods and products.
Didn't get the chance to eat there and try their food but will definitely give it a shot next time.
Deli platters , fruit platters and pastry platters.
Great food, authentic, and cheap.
Not that expensive good price for good quality food.
There's a deli/snack bar and florist in addition to the food/liquor/meat/produce sections.
This is basically whole foods for half the price and twice the quality.
The layout is great and the organics selection is what you expect from a whole foods grocery store.
Their frozen organic pastas are delicious!
They have a well stocked meat department and deli, occasionally carrying bison.
All types of spices , foods, seasonings and tea's.
I've never tried the hot food but if you need a quick bite they have that too.
The vegetables are fresh and the roses are lovely.
Common italian deli .
Food quality and service were fine.
I attended the raw foods class taught by ami.
I enjoyed his gentle and unrehearsed delivery, plus, this man can cook (or, uncook, rather).
The samples were delicious and plentiful.
I mostly stop here for the samosas, which are delicious!
This is a quaint little deli with phenomenal sandwiches.
They have a big frozen foods section with organic and natural foods.
They do deliver, but unfortunatly i live further than the distance that they deliver.
Finally a specialty food store with reasonable pricing in our area!
Amazing mediterranean food in an understated building.
Sprouts is a grocery store with lots of organic products, fresh vegetables and fruits.
Great place for fresh fruits and veggies.
The food here is great, and a very reasonable price.
Love love love this place from the house made juices (ginger/parsley/lime oj, beet & fruit juice, etc.)
Their food is super fresh, the menu is varied but not trying too hard.
Beats the hell out of that nasty place food lion that makes their home near where i live
First time having middle eastern food, i ordered the veggie platter, which consisted of about 5 different sides.
They have delicious bloody mary mixers and great selections of olives and such.
The coffee and smoothie bar is amazing, with the coffee being organic, fair-trade, and hot and delicious all day long.
The food was terrific.
They also have a decent selection of "ethnic" foods and ingredients.
Of course they still have their delicious kimbap and mandoo.
The wife has tried most of their seafood dishes and has always been completely satisfied.
Yummy home cooked food.
There's also a food bank at the end of checkouts.
The prices are not expensive, the cooked food is great, and the selection is decent.
They offer delightful samples and they are out rain, shine or 110+degrees.
What i enjoy about wednesdays is the food trucks and vendors who come out.
Delicious, fresh and many choices to buy "prepared"  middle eastern food or the products to make them yourself.
As always whole foods is amazing and this location is no different.
They use delicious honey and a lovely nut filling that i am not allergic to.
Thank you for delivering a baklava that i could enjoy.
I grew up in illinois with a hy vee and raised on a regular diet of their deli kitchen meals.
If you want to stop in for any meal, it can be done deliciously and at a great price.
The heaven of the italian produce, how could i forget to write a review about fruiterie milano!
They have pre-made fruit and veggie platters of all sizes which is really handy when you're in a hurry.
Always appear to be super fresh, bright, and delicious.
The hot food section, salad bar, catering area is amazing.
They also have a hot food bar with a whole assortment of things.
They have pizza, chinese, sushi, comfort food.. it's never ending!
They also have these types of food available cold so you can take them home and reheat.
They have a decent international foods section featuring chine, japan, england, italy, and a couple more.
This store was pretty clean and that's always a place since they sell food.
The store has a great selection of prepared foods as well as basic grocery departments.
The meat and deli departments look good too but the prices are higher than i'm willing to pay.
I mean come on this is one of the best arab food restaurants i think in the whole usa.
The food is just outright delicious!
However, i would definitely recommend this place if you enjoy mediterranean food (i haven't met anyone who doesn't) :-)
Food selection is small and precise, no fluff here, just what you'd expect from a small, specialty, gourmet store.
Good selection of local foods and organic, hard to find varieties of foods.
Besides the food being amazing the service is exceptional.
Tons of frozen including vegetables and full meals.
Coolers containing fresh produce and some unusual looking vegetables that i've not seen in the local teeter.
They delivered once every week (alternate between tuesday and thursday) and have multiple drop-off spots (depending on where you live).
Good selection of wine and preprepared foods.
Service was fast and efficient, and the food is well-priced and plentiful.
Ryan, in the deli, is sweet, incredibly helpful and accommodating!
The homemade food here is delicious.
This store location has yet to disappoint us and always has fresh produce (unlike food lion down the street).
I don't think the store is overpriced, however i don't mind spending more for higher quality foods.
This is a wonderful specialty food store.
Lots of bargains to be had here and fresh food too.
Will be back again to visit the deli, saw review from another yelper about the buffalo chicken pizza.
The food came in a lovely presentation and was delightful.
You get a good amount of food for the cost.
Definitely the place to go if you want any asian food.
Love coming here for the onigiri and pre-made food.
We picked up the food a few days later before our party and it was hot and smelled absolutely delicious.
Everyone at the party agreed the food was great and asked where we got it.
Anytime we are hosing a party we will be coming back to ron's market for their deliciously seasoned meats.
Anyways, i went into the co-op the other day to pick up some cat food for my little monster.
Where i can buy delicious strawberries for only 99 cents and help out the mom and pops stores.
Because i just can't buy into the uber extreme class segregation apparent in upscale food grocers.
Thirdly, it's not a "health food" store as some people are calling it.
Finally, what will keep me coming back to constantino's is their prepared food.
The best mediterranean food i have had in az.
I love to support a local natural foods store.
The food was just as great as the service.
The main thing that draws me to this place is that they have a good selection of healthy food.
The buffet contains items like lasagna, butter chicken, grilled vegetables.
The food quality was also pretty good.
There was a fair bit of meat and vegetables in it.
They have all the healthy food you want without the pretentiousness that you might find at other healthy food markets.
I always get great fruit and vegetables here.
Right now i'm addicted to their large navel oranges....so sweet and delicious!
Great natural food selection as well.
Also, their prices are very reasonable unlike whole foods.
Same quality as whole foods but a whole lot less.
They had a nice seafood selection.
I-mart is a grocery store with a restaurant that has a good pakistani chef if you like pakistani food.
Highly recommended for the adventurous food and the experienced desi lover.
I have been very happy with the seafood, meats and cheeses.
There is a deli that serves hot food.
There is a sushi department right next to seafood.
I have shopped there many times - i like the availability of fresh produce, and especially the prepared foods.
Veggies and fruits, sodas,....i can go on and on.
I was delighted by the service i received from not one but two counter workers on february 1st.
The best international food market in vegas.
Good home style korean food at good prices.
Authentic family ran medi food.
Very authentic, delicious and pretty affordable mexican food.
My pregnant belly has been craving the vegetarian delight sandwich quite often.
Other times it's not crowded at all but the deli staff is not so attentive.
Or their cheese or prepared-foods section.
The garlic yogurt sauce was so delicious, i think it only comes with the chicken shawarma.
Loved the selection of mediterranean and armenian food and the have fresh meat for kebeh
The bulk foods area is my jam.
Delicious sandwiches with boar head meat.
This is the best mediterranean food i have had in the valley!!
The hot food has so much variety and is very flavorful.
They also have a pretty decent selection of meats, seafood, and produce.
They gave me a ton of food my money, very detail oriented and my thai tea was amazing!
Oh and cat food lol.
The deluxe(turkey, ham, roast beef) & the turkey-ham on a wheat roll was filling and delicious!
This place has incredibly fresh, delicious food.
Stopped by here to grab some hotel room food supplies to avoid paying $6.50 for a bottle of water.
Coming from san francisco, i can appreciate a grocery store with a good wine section, and aj's certainly delivered.
It's a deli not a high dining experience.
And it is a great deli.
Compared to other heath/natural food stores in the area, the prices were on par.
The fruit /juice stand offers varieties of slection which are hard to find anywhere else.
I have shopped the gamut in town - copps, cub, woodman's, whole foods, metcalfs, the piggly wiggly, etc.
They buy local produce, cheese, and deli options more than any store but the coop in town.
Extensive health food market with wide array of gluten-free options and 20% off on thursdays.
If you are a foodie or a gourmet cook you must come here.
In the back is their produce and fresh seafood section.
They even have whole roasted pork that is delicious.
Food is awesome and price is reasonable.
Have been coming for a few times and loved the food all the time.
The food is great (for a buffet).
When picking up the food to-go, i always love to grab something from the little market inside.
Good food and good service.
Just consistently good food and service at a fair price.
Very few places you can go and get great authentic food for such reasonable prices.
The hummus was delicious as well.
It was a lot of food for $8 and kept me full for sure!
The buffet was really delicious, lots of different tasty meats.
The guava juice and baklava were also delicious.
Great selection of organic and all natural foods at a great price!!
The deli is quite good.
Though you'll find lots of variety the price is about $1.00 more than sprouts or even whole foods.
It's a nice place to pick up your natural, organic foods and heath foods.
The food was fantastic and the prices are unbelievable!
Go here if you want a delicious sit down meal!
Hyvee catered our tent wedding reception and i had rave reviews from our guests about how great the food was.
Helpful staff, fruits are the best.
Zipped in, wrote my delight order down, shopped, swung by and grabbed my meat (haha) and i'm out.
Very  nice store the it is very clean and stuff is very friendly .the food is always fresh .
One thing that is definitely worth your time, are their food section.
Their whole chicken is delicious and for 8 dollars, it could be a meal for 3 days.
The fruits are amazing especially the organic ones.
Going on a daily basis to pick out fresh fruits and vegetables is actually becoming a hobby for me.
Their prepared foods make for an easy lunch or dinner.
Can be a little pricey though, otherwise great fresh food!
I love their fresh fruits and easy ready to bake vegetables.
They have a huge variety of middle eastern and foreign foods.
There were a few food trucks.
The fruits and veggies, for one, are of quality comparable to most high end grocery stores in my opinion.
There are plenty of boxed/shelf-stable and canned foods.
Also, lots of non-food items like cleaning supplies, paper towels, disposable dishes, etc.
Word of advice, get here earlier or stock will be depleted until the next delivery.
Ordering is done at the counter and a server brings the food to your seat when it is ready.
This was delicious and filling.
Ahhh food 4 less what is the reason i dont shop at you more often?
The bakery puts out fresh cakes and pies, and even has ethnic foods in the bakery.
Great fresh food and the prices are so good!
Deli that doubles as a convenience store?
One can't help but compare this grocery chain to whole foods and trader joe's.
However where sprouts is rather lacking is the prepared foods and their meat.
The seafood counter personnel are happy to remove skin off fish for you.
The produce is so fresh and well stocked and they have very good prices on fruits and veggies.
Lots of natural products and a huge variety of vegetarian food.
The prepared/to go food all looked amazing.
Again, very limited organic food as well for those who prefer to go that route.
The food tastes fresh and delicious.
They have fresh food at great prices.
Their delicious hot bar!
Yes, my day revolves around food.
Gino's italian deli is amazing!
It offers a lot of grab-and-go salads or deli options to bring home and stick in the oven later.
I love there food.
There is a lot of ethnic selection but their forte seems to be italian food items.
Overall a great store that has often replaced my normal drive to trader joe's or whole foods.
Here is why: meat/fish selection bigger than trader joes, and the also have a deli and butcher.
Smaller than whole foods but much more affordable while still getting overall good quality options.
I would say they are equal if not better also to whole foods and usually cheaper.
Beverages: bigger selection than trader joe's, possibly even more than whole foods in certain categories.
Whole foods has the largest options and does have great kitchen gloves biodegradable utensils etc.
Bulk: whole foods wins this round  check out: whole foods and trader joe's.
Food has always been good and service has always been top notch.
Gino's is a small italian deli right next to home depot.
They sell fresh italian groceries and offer a good selection of food goodness.
Has a small asian restaurant /deli in front.
And i love their flowers and cards, and obv all their food!!
Everything in the store is fresh and delicious!
My biggest high-five hours to them for being the first to do grocery delivery in this area.
The food is amazing, the portions are perfect, and the prices are more than fair!
Great food , great taste especially appetizers are really delicious .
We had lunch there and the food was awesome.
The strongsville store has been nicely updated with a bakery, a deli and a larger produce dept.
With great fruit, vegies and specialty items including organic and gluten free areas.
As can be expected from any whole foods, the fresh cut fruit is phenomenal!
This place is a foodie dream!
The aisles are filled with every conceivable type of sauce, noodle, vegetable, fruit, mushroom and steam bun!
T & t is mostly known as a supermarket source for asian food of various varieties.
Food is the main thing.
So much fresh food - some of it still in the dirt.
The fruit always looks fresh.
Definitely my favorite health food supermarket.
They have delicious authentic mediterranean food.
The food at the foodcourt is awesome definitely recommend  everything is always fresh !
It is fantastic value and delicious food.
Very good vietnamese food, the pho is some of the best i've had in town.
Also the selection of exotic fruit from around the world is amazing.
Overall food was 3.5 and service was good.
Every time , the food comes quick and it's delicious!
I didn't expect to be that spicy..i can't handle spicy food that well but dang it burns lol!
So nice and another person came to refill our tea and asked us how our food were.
Canned jack fruit, kaong, coconut gel, beans, and more.
Aisle 3 - fresh vegetable section.
Seasoning packets and frozen leafy vegetables in the freezer.
From candy, chips, condoms, drinks, prepared food, to school supplies and more, this place had it all.
Membership is $10 for discounted prices to all the products/produce/meat/seafood/snacks from many countries!
The produce are always fresh, from vegetables to fruits to seafood.
Of course the staples: pharmacy, deli, bakery, floral etc.
We love going here for not only our own taco tuesday, but their fruit bowls are ridiculously cheap!
We have gone on road trips and made this our stop specifically for their fruit bowls.
Oh, and they do have a hot food section in there!
It does have almost everything food related from around the world.
Main attraction is all the packaged food sections.
Note: the other locations did not have a sample table for amazing grass superfoods.
I stood in front of the section just admiring the delicious-looking brew.
The eating space is shared in one corner by healthy, adventurous foods for sale.
I love this little fruit stand.
Their produce is delicious and very affordable.
Small, inexpensive, and very delicious.
Just bring some money since their food is a little pricey.
Great prices on exotic fruits and on veggies.
Btw dates are considered a health food.
Why pay more for lower quality foods, or hand over my paychecks to the pretentious people at whole foods?
I only ordered the wings and the passion fruit drink as it was only myself dining.
There really have an amazing selection of everything fruit and veggies that you need and more.
The staff is always friendly, the food isn't overpriced, and we keep coming back.
They have great food and their garlic sauce is awesome.
We need some quality fruits and veggies here.
I absolutely hated food lion (but the clients who shopped there, the prices, and the quality of meast/produce).
They are like whole foods + fresh & easy and maybe not as expensive?
Mexican food lovers rejoice!
Barbacoa came in a very generous portion and was absolutely delicious.
Food is excellent and very authentic.
They have everything big walmart has food wise for the most part, just less big ticket items.
They also have a number of delicious vegan baked goods available.
I've tried the chocolate chip brownie and the espresso vanilla cupcake and both were delicious and relatively cheap.
Not nearly as good as whole foods or fresh market.
I bought tilapia and salmon today and it was delicious.
Every bit as good and dare i say better than the gold standard of seafood at heinen's.
I love how the smaller vendors sample their foods on the weekends.
I don't really mess with their meat or seafood counter but sometimes i snatch up some chicken thighs.
Individual coolers for each category of frozen foods, cheeses, milk and so on.
Also one of the best places to get hello kitty-themed food items :)
And the food area is soooo good!
The employees are really friendly (sometimes flirty lol) and the food is so filling!
Great prices and great food.
The deli is great!!
Anyways, the food is very good.
Hummus, yellow rice, and couscous also go very well with the food.
The pricing of this place along with the good quality food makes this place a hidden gem.
Its plenty of food per plate, and for under $20 for 2 people, its worth a visit.
I died and went to foodie/international cookie heaven!
There is a fish monger, but meat and vegetables come opre-packaged.
They have already made guacamole's that is made fresh daily, so delicious!
Would go again here for my one stop shop of mexican food!
The food trucks offer a great variety to eat on site.
This place is a nice place if you are looking for comfort food.
Before a whole foods made it to charlotte, i have been frequenting this earthfare location for quite a while.
I mainly come here to get my fresh produce, they have excellent greens for making crunchy delish salads!
I'd say earthfare is excellent before the whole whole foods hype rolled in.
I wonder if they have lost some of their-customer base since the whole foods on fairview opened.
Best place for organic and healthy food that doesn't break the bank.
The bakery and deli are fantastic and are very convenient.
- specialty seeds: next to the bags of rice, there is a small shelf of "asian vegetable seeds", $1 /packet.
- very limited i-mei 義美 products: the food safety regulation is a known public concern in the chinese market.
They have a good produce section which is well stocked with lots of fresh fruits and vegetables.
There's a decent sized cooked food section but the foods are just 3 stars imo.
Stumbled upon the mini market a couple of weeks ago and bought some fresh and delicious mangos and jackfruit.
This was a great joint to satisfy your vietnamese food cravings.
Overall a great place to stroll around and pick up tasty foodstuffs without breaking the bank!
Really cute deli my family always stop at on our way to the cabin.
It has frech delicious food.
They're located on college and horizon in a plaza that has a bunch of other food places in it.
I shopped there immediately after my move and found the prices, for even non-organic food, to be really high.
It is sooo satisfying to support these local farmers, get fresh food, be healthy and yea just amazing!
The food is very tasty, and not very expensive.
Darn...now i want to get some of that food!
The food was great, the server was knowledgeable and friendly.
Their deli sandwiches are great.
They also have a wide selection of decorative plants, vegetables and herbs in the summer.
Also they have seafood section where they will clean cut and fried fish for ya.
The best part was that delivery was a dollar or two at the most.
The delivery was quick and the food was hot and the order was perfect.
This week there was a problem with the delivery that would delay it one day.
Two people that i have referred are delighted with the service.
They even have an aisle for indonesian and malaysian food, seriously.
All kinds of food from all over the world.
There are probably 40 vendors and 10 food trucks to wander about, sample, and throw your money at.
Until the whole foods opens in rocky river, this is the closest "specialty health foods" store around.
I love visiting the farmer's market and trying all the great foods.
They have the biggest and most delicious avocados!
It's always fresh and taste juicy and delicious.
Probably the best asian grocery store in cleveland with a very cheap vegetables and very well kept meat and fish.
We are so happy to have whole foods in uptown charlotte.
Hit titan or  parrot foods.
If you love middle eastern food, you will love this place.
They don't have a huge veggie/fruit section, but they are always fresh.
They also have a food court section.
They also have a full deli, butcher shop and bakery.
It's literally a warehouse with a large variety of asians and european cookies/chocolates and foods.
Yet another downtown ethnic food store that i am glad i discovered.
Hang fung foods has been around since 1980 and this place carries asian produce and dry goods alike.
They had seating in one corner, and a live-made food on display in the center.
Staying downtown for a conference and was craving fresh fruits and veggies.
Constantinos is walking-distance-close from the convention center and is a relatively clean and open deli/mini grocery store.
Their grocery area is basic but sufficient - everything from pasta and beers/wine to some easy-to-eat fruits and veggies.
Location damnation aside: whole foods almost makes the maddening trip on 271 and 480 worthwhile.
The selection of fresh produce, cheeses, meats, seafood, sushi--made fresh, bakery and deli can almost be overwhelming.
I told my father in law about this fry's because he is always searching for fresh seafood.
They had a nice selection of fresh food too.
The food was amazing and service was just as great.
I can grab some tasty food, meet someone for a coffee, or shop some great local products.
But after my workout, i needed food and i was not being picky.
I think i prefer whole foods salad bar rather than the one here.
The ingredients for 3 different meals for two people were delivered to our doorstep.
As recommended, we prepared the seafood dish first as it was subject to spoiling earlier than the others.
The only con that we have so far is that they asked us for any delivery instructions.
We asked that the delivery be put on the front step out of view from the street.
The delivery person however, put the box right in front of the door in plain view.
They offer dine-in, take-out and delivery.
Food is healthy, fresh, carefully-made and always delicious.
Please see my story below about the delivery.
- delivery: this was a one time incident that i felt needed to be mentioned.
This isn't just a marketplace, it's: grocery, lunch spot, prepared foods, cellphones, banking, cafe and bakery.
You can do  your groceries, take out food or sit in at the cafe.
The have cases of chocolate chip cookie dough, veggie lasagna, hot pockets, lean cuisines, breakfast foods and more.
There is no décor, just frozen food.
They carry lots of organic foods and products, but they're cheaper than whole foods.
I think this cafe is a stop for a montreal food tour.
For our housewarming party, we decided to get deli trays from our local fresh market.
All the deli trays had a bed of lettuce on the bottom.
Food was prepared on time, very reasonably priced, and tastes excellent.
Large seafood selection and organics, grass fed, even wild game.
Hesitant to order filipino food from new places, but their pancit, lumpia, and empanadas were delish!
Tj is the perfect place to get organic food.
Most days the food served here is both unique and good.
On today's visit, i encountered a delicious green chile enchilada pie and also added a turkey sandwich on sourdough.
Note #1: there's a listing for an aida food market at the same address.
Check their website for delivery areas and more general info on this neato little business.
As far as "phoenix public market" itself, the food is great.
Milk and yogurt and seafood in bulk mode!
I'd suggest coming here to buy any food before buying on amazon!
Typical health food store/mega store.
Like whole foods and trader joes, earth fare has their own brand to help you save money.
I like the deli and the pizza is great!
Everything else on the plate was delicious!
It has the best selection of international foods in all of las vegas.
Food city was the second one.
Thanks food city !
Love going to t&t with my friends for evening food or just hanging out.
Great price for the amount of food you get.
They have some key things here that set them apart from sprouts, trader joe's and whole foods:  1.
Organic, packaged deli meats, such as organic turkey, are cheaper here than anywhere else.
I love middle eastern food, and this place did not disappoint!
Great food, amazing prices, and wonderful selection.
Awesome place to get some authentic and delicious eats!
Still a solid location for meals from the deli area.
The main reason i shop here is for the seafood center so my review is mostly geared toward there.
That said, they do carry a few products that i love and it's a much nicer environment then whole foods.
The seafood center, on the other hand, is 100% a 5 star.
The seafood center seriously has the best fish i've gotten since i lived on the coast.
If i remember correctly, whole foods is actually more expensive and the quality is far worse.
If you're looking for a great place to get seafood take a shot and come here.
Quality - all the quality of trader joe's and whole foods but with a larger selection and better prices!
Actually impressed with this food lion.
Vietnamese food has always been a big favorite of mine and not all places are the same.
There is nothing like a great mom and pop restaurant that serves delicious food and also offers excellent customer service.
Just high quality fresh food for a very affordable price.
Tons and tons of stuff, filled to the rafters with the best mexican food and comestibles available in toronto!
More then just a deli.
They are also a deli offering several breads, salads, and pasta.
There is also multiple italian foods and oils offered also.
The food court here is tiny and lacking.
They also have a terrific potato salad that can be gotten from their deli.
Giant wine selection and lots of fresh food options.
It makes me think about renting it out for food demos.
The ready made food is a hit or miss though.
Don't pass up on their international food section either because they have almost every sauce you can think of.
Jackfruits and rambutans are always in stock.
I was extremely satisfied with my food.
It was hot and delicious.
-grapefruit salt scrub  -pita chips (cinnamon, sea salt, garlic- they're all good!)
If you believe that stores don't freeze deli items then you have never been to the walmart up the street.
In summary, fire the meat manager before he kills someone, and promote the deli and bakery employees.
Also, there are quite a few kinds of asian vegetables for sell every day and they are pretty fresh.
They also have portuguese nata pastries, queijadas, and many other delicious old world desserts.
But the food is well above average - mainly.
This is the best filipino food next to my moms cooking - no joke!
I will never go to any other filipino place as the food is delicious here.
Everything was fresh and delicious.
The food took about 20 minutes but was very good and in decent portions.
The hot food bar and salad bar has so many options.
There's tons to choose from in the bakery from morning foods to desserts.
But i love me some whole foods!
I like that they have a large selection of natural foods that are vegan, vegetarian and lower in fat.
I asked about other food items.
It's so good and the staff loves to serve it because it smells and tastes delicious.
If you do leave this place in a food coma, walk half a block to flyjin for a latte.
I am looking forward to our meals this week which were just delivered.
The delivery driver followed the instructions this week.
A whirlwind of options and choices, and the seafood looks fantastic and fresh.
People always used to say that whole foods is so costly and such.
The pizza is my favorite thing as is all of their meats and their prepared foods.
From the service to the quality of the food.
You can get name brand foods and sometimes good produce.
This is an old-fashioned grocery store, if you're looking for tons of premade or frozen foods keeps walking.
They have really settled into the space and have a nice selection of prepared and fresh foods.
I love their half-prepared meals in the deli section.
All of the prepared foods i've tried (with the exception of a weird broccoli-raisin-cheese salad) have been great.
You get fresh, organic foods (they also have some mainstream brands) for a very low price.
They have a great selection and prices are lower than whole foods.
Really friendly staff, nice mini raw food selection, and pretty good pricing.
Everything is made fresh in-house, and everything we had was delicious.
Communication, food, service, staff were all amazing.
All guests remarked about how wonderful the food was.
The wine selection is really diverse, the deli is wonderful and the organic groceries brought tears to my eyes.
Also, the coffee was delicious and the selection of non alcoholic drinks was impressive.
The egg and cheese bagel on wheat was quite delicious, the bagel very fresh.
And you don't even have to bring kids to get the food.
Less overwhelming than whole foods but still chock full of organic and alternative healthy options.
So my classmates family owns this place but by no means is this review biased...the food really is good!
There is food from everywhere here.
Hot food selections....very clean store.
The fruits and veggies are pretty basic, but you can get pretty much anything you need here.
In addition there's usually a half dozen or so food trucks parked around the perimeter.
I frequently grab food from both of these vendors as the quality is excellent.
Just ordered chorizo from bill's, picking it up for delivery to washington state.
Seriously the best food in town.
We get chinese food from their buffet at least once a week for a cheap and easy meal.
My only critique to offer is to please train your baggers to keep cold and hot foods separate.
Their bifana sandwich is delicious and the service is great.
The food is fresh and the price helps out pockets.
Food, household, auto, toys, yard , hygiene, electronics.
But that doesn't mean you can't find the makings for a delicious meal there.
Aj's carries beautiful fresh produce, flowers, meat, seafood, and gourmet items too.
They are not cheap, but they are ridiculously delicious.
It's light, delicious, fresh, has the perfect balance of healthy ingredients.
We've used this place for a specific brand of dog food that doesn't seem to be available anywhere else.
I'd say that whole foods has nothing to worry about.
Food items outside are tasty.
Seafood prices were amazing !!!
They also have a nice hot food/restaurant area.
Heaven, and the deli is amazing.
From the appetizers, main entrees and desserts....everything was delicious!
If you ever have any issue with the food they will always take it back.
Great selection of gluten free as well as organic, and other health conscious foods and alternatives.
They should look into economizing their receipts the way costco and sprouts (two-sided) and whole foods do.
The birds know which apples are the best ;) it's real food.
Truly beautiful...from the people working, to the store, to the food....all is gorgeous!
Natural grocers is my favorite grocery store in the las vegas area for organic food.
The majority of food in their stores is organic.
* the reduced price sections -- love trying new food products at reduced prices!
The grocery store and food counter are unassuming and homey (homely?).
I love going to grocery stores in different areas to check out the different foods they have.
I also bought 4 mini guadet pies as they were on sale and they were so delicious!!
Lots of nice fruit was on special the best was 4 pints of blueberries for $6.00.
It's family owned and the owners are real nice.the displays of flowers and fruit were really nice and organized.
The biggest positive improvement for me is the little food counter where they now serve coffee.
This place has great vibes, amazing food and live music!
The building also smells a vaguely unpleasant and fishy due to the seafood section.
They also have several different styles of restaurant food available for take-out, or eating in.
I love great mediterranean food!
So, one lazy and boring sunday afternoon i was home alone, with no food in the fridge.
They are high but that's to be expected at whole foods.
To be fair, there is a good selection of familiar food like chicken, fish, etc.
So not everything feels like something out of bizarre food.
Dessert - had their macron, and they were delicious!
This was the "it" place before whole foods opened up.
They have other products that you don't see at whole foods.
Yes, whole foods and metcalfe's have their niche but for everyday shopping, you will find me here.
There is a fresh seafood counter and the prices are very reasonable.
Their duck and steamed pork buns are delicious!
The sections were all divided in different section which includes prepared foods, fruits, meats, candies, etc.
I will definitely come here to try the prepared foods during my work break.
Heinen's is a locally owned chain and they support locally produced food.
Extensive deli, meat & seafood counter.
Ready to purchase prepared foods.
In this section you'll find huge boxes of produce, cheese, meat, seafood and more.
This is one of the most fun places ever if you are a foodie.
I am always excited about the seasonal selections, beautiful displays and delicious well priced options.
I buy most of my food here.
I usually shop at the whole foods, or the f&e, the most beautiful groceries.
Met a couple of brits who take me to of all stations, organic fruits, vegetables, vegan cookies.
Ate a lot of weird moroccan food.
Cruise up the coast to the food court, but had no more money, which sucked.
They have delicious drinks and offer a variety of food items that are much sizeable than other coffee shops.
Staff: was nice  store: was interesting to check out a different culture of foods and shopping.
I am quite pleasantly surprised at the food offered at their little food court.
Ordered chicken tenders and fries (compared to the other foods this was pricier).
Earthfare sells high quality, mostly organic foods.
Earthfare also has such a great selection of the health foods that you can't find elsewhere.
Like i said, if you just want cheap chemically laden foods, this place isn't for you.
So are the vegetables and fruits.
Inside has every food item one would generally need and everything was well stocked (5/5).
The pita and hummus were fresh and tasted delicious as well.
The prepared food here is decent and fairly priced.
2) too picky for your own good...  3) too shy or scared to try new and wonderful foods and flavors.
Even if i don't buy something, it is so interesting to see foods and items from all over the world!
The store is especially an amazing tool and food heaven for anyone who likes to cook.
Love their products,especially meats, fruits,and vegetables.
The food is always on point.
They are friendly people with delicious food at affordable prices.
On many occasions there is a store wide food tasting going on beckoning for my attention and free nibbles!
I am in healthy food heaven!
Diving more in detail healthy home market is best known for its large bulk food ,ample vitamin and wellness selections.
Not only was the food absolutely amazing, but the two catering coordinators we worked with were both excellent.
Hannah helped me plan the menu and schedule the date, and cassie delivered everything the evening of the party.
The lemonade was fresh and delicious and the lunch totally satisfied my appetite.
Delightful - good for vegetarians and vegans.
Great cater in the area.. great food and variety.
I always enjoy coming here for all the verity of food and snacks i'm able to get!
Pro: hot soups, hot bar, salad bar, and lots of prepackaged cooked food choices.
Con: overpriced, sometimes stale prepacked food, small hot bar.
We go there almost every saturday for fruit, veggies, bread, condiments.
It's nice to get to know the people who spend their days getting this food ready to bring to you.
Their platters have a lot of food on them.
Ana has always been incredibly friendly and polite, answering questions, and educating me on the food, how it's made, etc.
I enjoy their chinese food station however there are some inconsistencies with some of their dishes every time ago.
The seafood is also always fresh and the staff nice and helpful.
A great addition to west side food shopping.
Fresh, ripe fruits and veggies, swear they were sweeter!
Huge seafood and meat department!
Read more at http://eatitcharlotte.com/2016/12/13/reids-fine-foods/
The fruit is great, and inexpensive!
The staff is really nice and if you don't know about a particular food, ask!
I love that the food is organic without a lot of additives, so i know that it is nutritious.
Hands down, the best deli sandwich in all of pittsburgh.
It's mancini's so of course it's delicious.
I had the feijoada and it was delicious.
I was perfoming at sound control and there werent many food options close by in walking distance.
While whole foods is large enough for this type of shopping it is very expensive.
Food from different countries are all arranged accordingly.
An absolute steal, it was fresh and delicious!
There's nothing more motivating for me to go grocery shopping than delicious food that reminds me of home.
Will be back again when i need fresh food.
Amazing food and service!
After having a bad conversation with whole foods and being hung up on.
Whole foods down the street because customer service matters!!
However, the food court was amazing!
I have received three weeks of recipes so far and love the process, and most of all, the food!
I have enjoyed every meal and find the ordering and delivery process simple and reliable.
As well as the meat and deli departments.
I also like the prepared foods department, it's hard to resist when you go by.
I've gotta say they have quality ingredients, and that makes for some very tasty deli food.
Of course i still love it here for the cheese section, and the meats, and the delicious pickled things.
Way nicer than the whole foods in florida!
Food is normally displayed on heat trays behind glass and constantly refilled throughout the day.
There is not a thing i can't find here if i'm making latin food.
Inside, you'll find a variety of ready made sauces, latin american foodstuffs and canned goods.
This is the ultimate in one stop latin food shopping!
I dont usually do safeway so i was pleased to find organic baby food for my niece.
Love the fresh vegetables, unique gifts, and the bread!
They have a sushi bar a deli, and excellent cheese and olive bar and a great wine selection!
I highly recommend this grocery store if you are looking for find foods, cakes, wines and gifts!
Whenever i go home, i always get an apple pie and fruit tart from the bakery section.
They have packaged local foods, a salad and sandwich bar, a deli and a grill for the dinner crowd.
Heel gezellig en supervriendelijke bediening.
Need chicken breasts, cottage cheese, and bagged vegetables?
Seriously, my wife and i have had terrible luck with their fruit.
It's really too bad; their vegetables are great.
Much better than whole foods.
Got one with just the cheese (+lettuce, tomato & onions) it was delicious.
I never had a cutthroat run-in with a senior citizen until whole foods on chagrin.
Just missing a few minor things that i love at whole foods, but the prices are compatible.
First of all, their prices are the same as whole foods or heinen's.
In fact, i've spent more on the same items at both whole foods and heinen's.
I've tried the fresh seafood, produce, cheeses and filets from heinen's, whole foods, earth fare and giant eagle.
The wait staff were all very pleasant and more than willing to help us amateurs at ordering greek food.
The coffee was delicious (they also warned the milk) and the pastry was divine.
The servers behind the deli and bakery go above and beyond.
From the grill to the deli, earth fare is good for the belly!
This is a warehouse store featuring foods and goods from all over the world!
Once in a while there are seafood odors emanating from the seafood department at the back of the store.
Some live seafood are kept in aquariums.
They have foods from countries i have only ever dreamed of trying when i go to visit.
Its like the size of 2 or 3 food 4 less or albertsons..
To organic foods, vegan alternatives to cheetos and oreos.
Large butchery and italian market with excellent prepared foods including salads, pizzas, arancini, sweets, & meat dishes.
On my most recent visit i ordered several bakery and deli items ahead and paid online.
To start with, they use boar's head meats here, which are some of the best deli meats around.
Third, the bread tastes like it was delivered just this morning.
Finally, when you bite into it, the sandwich doesn't overpower you--instead it melts delicately in your mouth.
Frick park market is much more than a deli though.
You can get convenience foods, milk, ice cream, etc, here.
Food lion for an asian supermarket in north carolina, this place rivals those in california.
Cleaner than ranch 99 or marina, and lion supermarket, food lion has everything that asians can want!
Less of the kids junk food (lunchables and that crap), and more stuff to appeal to grown-ups.
They have awesome organic foods and desserts ( chocolate croissant, is to die for!!
Je vais au marché jean-talon pour les fruits et légumes.
Delivery is also a bit unpredictable, for example i selected fri deliveries but this week it came on a thur.
Dear earth fare, thanks for existing so i don't have to bother driving across town to whole foods.
This store is great having great food and snacks from diff.
Frozen food of many varieties that you can choose from.
There vegetables with many varieties to chose from and they look fresh.
From fresh seafood, fish looks really great, not old.
Their caramel cake is delicious as well.
They have a great meat section with fresh and multiple cuts of meat, the deli/cheese section is to die for.
Great food, excellent service.
And i love that i keep finding delicious, new gluten-free, dairy-free treats!
They have great produce, beautiful flowers a bakery/deli and wine galore!
If you just want some new ideas on food, check here, they have it.
If you want kalamata olives check, go here, the deli is amazing.
Good alternative to whole foods so far we like doing grocery shopping for organic produce.
Great seafood gumbo (crab, shrimp, hot links (no pork) and chicken) only on fridays served over rice with garlic bread.
The market is friendly but under remodeling.
There's a butcher on duty for your fresh meat and seafood needs.
I came here a few nights ago, and then came back two nights later to get their food again!
The food are much better than any restaurants in la.
There have a good fruit and vegetable section and a few flowers.
They've got a really large prepared foods section, with everything being made fresh but sadly lacking spice!
In addition to drinks and pastries, they serve food such as various sandwiches and platters.
I've never eaten their prepared foods but i hear they're great.
The deli staff are very knowledgeable and helpful!
So my wife & i sat down and had a delicious sushi lunch in the middle of our grocery shopping.
Everything was delicious and we got many compliments from our guests.
Overall, a great experience with delicious food.
Restaurant inside has great mexican food!
The food lion near me, its dingy and smells funny.
Spotless, beautifully appointed, freshest food items, amazing service and so many gift choices!!
Their prices in both the restaurant and deli are very reasonable for the quality of the food.
These are hard working people who make the best food they know how, make it fresh and are incredibly nice.
There are food trucks, sweets, farmers market, goodies, etc.
Finding authentic pakistani food was almost impossible despite a large community and so called pakistani restaurant called copper kettle.
The nans are freshly baked and are a delight.
I would only recommend it for take out food.
They legit have the best deals when it comes to snacks, food, drinks and everything that you need basically.
Great customer service, excellent quality in food, great prices, clean stores & fuel points.
Deli sandwiches are so good they inspired tiger wood's comeback!
The best natural foods chain in las vegas!
This place is reminiscent of a small health food shop but bigger, better, and stocked full of your favorite goodies.
They have a cafe with gelato and stuff, deli, bakery, fantastic produce section, large wine area, etc.
I've been here a few times and enjoy the nice variety of latin/mexican foods.
I came here mainly for nutritional yeast and somehow walked out with a basket of food ;-)
I have to say the food was actually very delicious.
I love everything about this place, good food, good atmosphere, good people, good place to work from home, etc, etc.
I have never smelled the seafood department from the other side of the store.
I have never been treated poorly at the deli.
Food should be eaten when it's fresh.
What a delicious treat.
Thanks to all of you who bring me delicious things from all over the world.
Her chips are pretty delicious as well.
For food and beer though their prices are no crazier than earthfare and sometimes they're much better.
Great food...worth the drive.
Along with their deli they have a huge selection of wine from all over as well as other alcohol.
But if your looking for a great deli- you found it here!
The addition of whole foods definitely makes it a destination versus what use to be here.
If you love different cultures and foods this place is a must!
Sadly, i had no idea this scrumptious deli was here!
However, i was across the street getting my hair done and a bunch of hair stylists recommended their food.
I headed over there around 3:00 pm and i was so disappointed that the deli counter was closed.
I also got a side pasta salad which also had a greek theme (feta, onions, olives) and it was delicious.
Meat dept every week they run great specials on different meat or seafood.
There are many handmade crafts, foods, even art work.
Love this place, makes you feel good when you leave buying food here.
I'm in and out like a fast food restaurant.
Each dessert was fresh and delicious.
Great food in tempe!
Staff was friendly and food came quickly (we were really hungry).
There are so few legit delis in pittsburgh, so finding one is a big deal.
It's a small price to pay for such a nice deli close to my favorite park in pittsburgh.
I really like their produce section, especially their fresh cut fruit section.
I've been there twice and have been impressed with the food and the service
But, they're not striving to be a whole foods.
They offer well-selected organic products and are fairly priced compared to places like whole foods.
I go in here for some sandwiches  from their deli.
If you don't want to wait for the grub call ahead, or have it delivered.
Great prices and tasty food!
The food is fantastic and incredibly inexpensive.
Deliciously spiced, so fresh, so crispy, no fishy taste at all.
Love saffron - excellent food in their new deli (what, persian specials every night?
All the usual old style cleveland bakery is sold along with prepared foods.
The deli and bakery are incredible!
I wanted to check if they would reduce the price on hot food items, and they did not.
Giant selection of niche latin foods and hot sauces.
If you've had it with the high prices and yuppification of whole foods...and who hasn't?
Just as good as whole foods but less expensive.
The selection of food and produce is really good.
I am doing a paleo/primal diet that relies on whole foods.
Great resource for mexican food, including but not limited to: salsas, chipotles, tortillas.
Nougat - deliciously soft and bursting with honey flavour
Food was fresh and very good.
The meat was delicious and well seasoned.
The place is quite small so it's difficult to get a table (because it's busy, because the food is good).
If you aren't sure, just lurk on the sidelines and watch other people buying fish.
I stopped in hoping to find turkish style food.
The crunchie crusty bread is delicious.
Good food to take when you are on a horse trek and in need of sustenance ...
What a great find for my eastern european food goodies!
The store is very clean and the gentleman at the deli/meat counter is very helpful and knowledgeable.
I love the herring salad (aka herring-in-fur-coat salad) at the deli.
The meat filled one is delicious.
That way you have food ready by the time you finish your grocery shopping.
All in all, i travel across town to get to these yummy delights.
Food came out pretty quickly and we had some time to browse.
My salad was huge and delicious.
I can't wait to go back and get some specially health food items.
Their are jus too many good options for food....do not come when you are hungry or you will by everything.
Bottom line: t&t cherry st. is a clean asian grocery store with a decent selection of asian and non-asian foods.
Vegetables/fruits are decently priced but vary in freshness.
Food: produce/fruits: decently priced most of the time.
Prepared foods are pretty hit or miss.
They also have some bbq meats, sushi and a random assortment of vietnamese food etc.
I've had some vegetables go bad rather quickly so freshness is more hit or miss.
What i'm really a fan of is the food bars!
Something cool is that amazon prime has an app for whole foods that gives you special discounts.
I'm learning to love all of whole foods, but this is a good start.
The food makes up for this.
Awesome food, amazing service, sweet hospitable management and employees.
Fresh and healthy food.
They had quite fine lamb shanks, and delicious melon salad - in january!
A hole in the wall but the food definitely makes up for it.
The deli staff is awesome and jim makes a mean sandwich!
Basha's has four new deli sandwiches that are awesome!!
Jenifer st. market = limited selection  whole foods = way too expensive, and not incredibly better by any means.
Deli department has the best to order sandwiches and great side dishes ready to eat.
Checked out whole foods here in chandler az.
So off we where to find a deli .
From 2/3/16 happen to be in the area for some errands and decided to do some food shopping at albertsons.
I look forward to my next visit and recommend princess to anyone looking for authentic mediterranean food.
I found a lot of name brand foods and etc... what a surprise!
They have a vast array of snacks, grocery, a small deli area, and probably alot of other products i missed.
Overall, i would give a 4 out of 5 for good sevice, food and good portions.
The food and service were amazing, but it did get a little hot inside.
I envisioned pinatas and expired foods and flies.
Fruits- they are always having a sale on different fruits, but i must grab strawberries, blueberries, bananas and watermelon.
Something about fruit in the summertime or anytime mixed with vodka (which they do not sell here).
It's always fresh and seems to stay fresh longer than fruit i buy from wally world or other stores.
Vegetables- i buy the majority of my fresh veggies and herbs here.
They always look and taste delicious.
What i really like is their ethnic foods.
Frozen foods- i try not to pay too much attention to this department because i don't want to like anything.
Delicious and only 60 calories each.
They also have a nice hot food/restaurant area.
He was on time the day of the party and the food was delicious !
Anything that is related to mexican food is here.
This is a one stop shop for all your mexican food needs.
I personally love the fruit that comes cut up and prepared with chili powder.
I got some produce and some macaroni salad at the deli department as well as some salsa.
They had pasta salads, fruits, veggies, meats and wings.
Most what i saw was cheaper than walmart and food4less.
Not only are they delicious but they would all cost double at giant eagle.
Their organic pasta sauce is delicious and i can pronounce everything on the ingredients list.
Like everything- especially the prepared food section.
Only thing i would suggest is a bit more guidance or supervision of staff at prepared food section.
Called harris teeter, bi-lo, whole foods, and earth fare without any luck.
Their produce and deli are amazing, and the prices are much less than anywhere else.
Keep up the good work, albertson's deli manager!
The food is amazing.
Breakfast sandwiches over in the deli are only $2.49 from 7am-10am and are soooo delicious!
A clean, well-lit store with a huge deli is just the start.
Festival foods nailed it.
I need my healthy food and i need my fresh produce and this place has it.
There are seafood, meats, and deli counters as well as a prepared foods section and a bakery.
They also have an organic foods aisle.
Food: i've always loved t&t for their selection.
My favorite part of the store was the frozen foods section.
There were hundreds of frozen foods i'd never seen before.
Anyway, the lobster ravioli is delicious but you don't get much in a package.
Good food at great prices.
Definitely check this place out for some traditional, delicious chinese food.
Items sold in artisanal foods are pretty unique.
Not cheap but worth a visit if you're into quality foods.
They have a large selection, and a food area where you can buy cooked food including dim sum.
Elizabeth avenue has really become quite the foodie destination in charlotte.
That way you can pay for everything together and then go sit down to wait for your food.
Love the food court!!!!!
The food is fresh there and the portion is big.
(mama ramen is the best) fruits are not too fresh, and i wouldn't buy meat from there.
But vegetables....it is vegetable heaven.
Great place for the best seafood in town!
Other than that, the decor is 'arabic' family style, but the food definitely makes up for that!
I also love buying frozen fruit here at smart & final for my fruit smoothies.
They even have a mango blend of fruit, very nice.
Wish they would get the raincoast crisps that whole foods has.
The catfish was delicious.
These heroes that missed food back in boston, new york and philly, all ate at glaziers.
Move over trader joe's and whole foods.
How bout a delicious pulled pork sandwich?
Their selection of homemade, oven (or microwave) ready foods is staggering.
The prepared food section.
Nothing is ever out of stock and the greatest part is their food section.
They have useful signage such as "seafood" over the freezer door that has seafood.
They don't play tricks on you like also having a bunch of seafood over in some distant corner.
The seafood is all right where they say it is.
Good variety of indian ethnic food.
I wish only one thing , they get more fruit.
Today i enjoyed the $5 sushi (crunchy roll)  and a spring roll from the hot foods bar.
Whole foods, although dazzling, is way too expensive for me.
You will pay at least $9 for the small container at whole foods.
Again, at whole foods you will pay up to $4 for a regular sized bottle.
They are normally $1.50 per yogurt at trader joes or whole foods, so this is a great deal.
It is delicious and another can't miss item at costco!
It's bigger, cleaner, and has a better selection than most other whole foods in the gta.
Whole foods selection can accommodate almost any speciality diet, and with so much to try, there's something here for everyone.
Most notably is the deli/bakery section.
Another great area for purchases are buying chicken breasts at the deli counter.
Some highlights are the prepared foods which you can sample at the case before you commit.
Also some samples of fruit and veggies when you walk in.
Great food, i'm an organic food kind of person and i honestly would pick sprouts over whole foods every time.
Chicken, veggies, fruits, all great.
It has a lot of table space, great food and coffee.
Sprouts is where you'll find tons of "alternative" foods and lots of great produce.
The layout is different than most whole foods as it's in the downstairs of a shopping centre.
Their selection is pretty good and like any whole foods stores, the prices are a bit on the pricey side.
It has a wide range of both conventional and organic food.
It is fair trade and always lasts a long time with a little plant food.
Fresh cooked food from pizza to dinner entrees.
I walked around and the fresh fruit and vegetables were in a cooler packaged and ready.
Whole foods (wf) a name synonymous with all things organic and good.
Then there is the seafood corner which always smells fresh and has beautiful river caught salmon.
Then comes the prepared food area.
Overall quality of food and the stores themselves is second to none.
They have a great variety of health products and healthy food options.
Still, their selection is excellent, especially their health food and organics sections -- impressive in a discount grocer.
This has out beat whole foods for sure!!
The quality of food, the variety and the cost you can not beat.
There were similar counters for the dairy, fruit drinks/horchatas, breads/pastries, and desserts categories.
If you love mexican food, stop in to the ranch market.
Bought their burger, an oatmeal cookie with some nuts and fruits embedded and were delicious.
Great pre marinated bulgolgi and other prepared foods.
It's where i get my staples for korean food for sure!
Fresh food, clean locations, helpful staff, reward points for $$$ off fuel!
A fantastic little neighborhood deli with great sandwiches and a lot more.
- their deli case has some great pre-made options if you don't want a sandwich.
There are a ton of healthy foods and other items to choose from, and their coffee samples are very good.
I would recommend this store to anyone who likes healthy and organic food.
In the last month i've tried both breakfast delights: green egg sandwich and the ghee fried egg!
Would recommend to anyone locally or out of town for a quick meal or prepared food for the family.
A fresh, bright, clean, well-structured environment with food to match.
It blows 99 ranch out of the water and the food made to order is fresh.
They have great prices and deals when you buy veggies,  fruit,  meats, and their store brand products.
The deli and bakery selection is nice but pricey.
Authentic mexican food and products.
Come here for great food, wine, art, accessories and home furnishings and other fabulous tchotchkes.
T&t also features a full-service bakery, hot ready-to-eat food, dim sum, noodle bar and a chinese bbq.
Both locations in calgary also have seating available so you can enjoy your food right there.
(ie: taro leaves) the leafy vegetables are most often in pristine condition, neatly bundled and packaged.
All of the food tastes amazing and i have my favorites.
Thank you for making amazing food and helping me reach my healthy goals!
The bakery, butcher shop, take out food, and antoijitos are amazing.
Good store if you're looking for european food.
The seafood counter is unbelievable large and has large selection of shrimp or fish or octopus.. plus much more.
Vegetable section.. super low prices with great variety of bulk bins for rice, beans etc   10.
The food was great and so was the service.
Let me say straight up, i'm not a fan of the organic food hype.
Our non organic food supply is *the* safest, cheapest, most nutritious food supply in all of human history.
That said, whole foods market is a great little place to grab a saturday brunch.
The food is charged out by weight.
A styro...errr recycled cardboard container full of food plus a hunk of corn bread came to $16 with tax.
Food is clean/fresh and tasty.
Price is reasonable and food presentation is done well.
This place has it all from food, to home decor, fuel for your vehicle, to outdoor items.
It takes a few times to get used to but i always find the foods i want and love.
Thank you for the cleanliness and loblaws guidelines it's always clean here.
The downtown location carries less choices (and sources) for fruits and vegetables, but that's fine because i survived.
I hardly talk to the bakery, deli, desserts, or seafood.
The fruit looked perfectly ripe and yummy, and they had all these samples.
For organic fruits and veg i find them just too expensive.
I prefer the organic home delivery bins for my perishables.
The food is always fresh and consistent!
The service is courteous and fast and the food is on point!
We were lucky enough to get the last siu mai, a tender, juicy meatball nestled in a delicious broth.
I believe the owner(s) are cambodian but you get vietnamese, chinese, thai, cambodian food and trust me, it's all good!
This is a pretty sweet whole foods.
The organic selection is always well stocked and the prices are much more reasonable than whole foods.
Great selection of produce, great bakery and deli.
With fifteen filling combinations that include fresh, seasonal fruit like kiwi and strawberries you really can't go wrong.
It was just the perfect amount of food for a nice snack-sized lunch.
May have found my new coffee spot  #eatlocal #pghfood
All of mrs g's dishes are delicious.
I haven't ordered from the hot food section yet.
I love cooking with fresh produce, and mariana's is one of the best places to find inexpensive veggies and fruit.
Now, the food was amazing!
Krakow deli is a tiny store packed full of authentic polish items.
We purchased a fruit cake that was amazing that was similar to italian panetone but loaf shaped instead of round.
He offered to deliver the groceries to my house and he took money off the order.
Fresh veggies, meats, and excellent variety of seafood.
They have a "food court" area with pizza, salad bar, deli, sushi and fried fish.
They have a very wide variety of fruits.
8 pounds of golden delicious apples for $2.
Eight pounds of golden delicious apples for $2!
Looking around while sitting gives you a healthy mix of different ethnicity enjoying their food experience.
Their morning glory veggie dish was a great foodie experience.
Excellent food, can't wait to go back with friends!
Meat and seafood ..very good and fresh.
The food's so good.
Street food, beer and groceries?
Clean environment, food temp, food is fresh, employees are happy and helpful.
This was my local alkaline water place but i have since started home delivery of water.
Nevertheless, the price was right and the food was fresh.
This market has to best seafood and meat department.
The seafood is fresh.
Great selection of fruits and veggies.
They have great deli meats as well as unbelievable potatoe salad.
I rather like that they increased their selection of "hippie freak foods" such as gluten free items.
The cake was not only beautiful but delicious as well!
If you sign up on their website, you get the ad delivered straight to your inbox.
The bakery, deli, and premade foods (including soups, salads, and various packaged plates and meals!)
I especially love the hot table... it seriously gives whole foods a run for its money some days.
Let's come back next time and try one of their new fruit empanadas.
I always buy my veggies and fruits from here- very high quality for the low price.
Best affordable fresh  food for the price.
Bestco offers a huge selection of cooked food for takeout or dining in.
A combo with rice, two choices of cooked food, and soup, is only $6.99.
I got what i wanted plus some delicious candy and crackers!
Comparable to trader joe's and seemed cheaper than whole foods.
Cons:  crowded parking lot and often a five-minute wait for the deli.
Food court, if you are having a ttukbegae - its ok.  don't go for anything else.
Even some popular snack foods from korea - "ajik inandea".
Last friday, i called down there first to see if the deli had any hot turkey breasts.
There are very few establishments in ne ohio like this one with authentic italian food that is absolutely delicious!
You want some good soul food, everyone knows you stop by mario's!
Soul food heaven i say!
But this food will easily feed 3 of us!
Exceptional seafood and great prices on vegetables and wine.
It's so delicious it actually makes me want to eat healthy.
There's a whole foods currently being built in the yonge & sheppard area, i'm so excited!
A must for all foodies.
Good selection of seafood, meat, and beer.
The array of foods that they have here is amazing.
*expanded natural food aisles and freezer case.
They navigated a complicated delivery to a high rise building without an issue.
Great selection of organic and non organic food.
Great selection of food and drinks.
During the day, food court, bakery, video/book store, pharmacy and other stores are also opened inside the plaza.
Nature's emporium is a natural food store that also serves fresh food, coffee, teas, has fresh baked goods, soups, etc.
Sort of a healthy grocery store with vitamins and fresh food, and more.
The food was very good.
There were lots of choices, oatmeal, eggs, bacon, sausage, keilbosa, potatoes, fruit, etc.
The food was very fresh.
The food is charged based on weight, and you can have as much or little as you want.
Fortunately, nature's emporium goes out of their way to cater to people with food issues.
I switched to their peanut butter, and enjoy the 75/ fruit jam!
In my opinion, the food was delicious.
We'll be back, i'm sure, and when we return we might be able to comment on the food.
Plenty of organic produce and shelf-stable foodstuffs available, as well as specialty products under the tj label to offer patrons.
If you love high end food items without the high end prices, shop here...aloha!!!
What i didn't know was how the process worked; how the food was distributed and how clients were notified.
You don't know how often or when you get fresh food & meat in your store?!?
Their seafood selection is impressive.
A lot like whole foods but cheaper.
I've got one gripe about the deli.
They have a great seafood counter and produce section also.
The fresh fruit and veggie selection is fabulous!
They have a wide range of healthy foods at very reasonable prices.
Great variety of fruits and veggies,  farmer style store,  grains,  grains sold in bulk,  awesome assortment of supplements.
The honey is thick and delicious and the cocoa nibs are fresh and aromatic.
Wow - both were seriously delicious and made me excited to try some other sweets on my next visit.
There is also a selection of food including items from the famous valbella deli in canmore.
We came here first on a food tour.
The food is amazing, the staff super friendly and knowledgeable, juices super yummy, coffee and other drinks are bangin too!
They also have a very good little deli that focuses on mostly mexican food.
This place is perfectly delightful well worth a visit!
The coffee drinks are delicious.
I have to commend the manager of this food city.
I love my food city.
Ok, i was not really grocery shopping... but junk food shopping..
I went in at 8 am to buy smartfood popcorn that was on sale for $2.44.
The food court makes the best authentic mexican food.
Has decent selection of asian food.
Some produce, frozen foods, meat.
Ok......we are from chicago where food is always delish!!!!!
Soulfood items and gourmet hot head cheese.
We never paid attention to the cooked food area.
Love all their fruits and veggies!
They also have a tortilleria, a deli, a butcher, a deli, a restaurant and a juice bar!
Modern grocery and deli in the elizabeth ave. shops, next to piedmont community college.
This company hands down met all my needs and same day delivery time!
The sausage egg and cheese sandwich was delicious and super filling.
Fruits and jamaica(hibiscus) for my agua frescas?
While seemingly fresh, the fruits and vegetables might not deliver the sweetness or taste you desire.
The fruit i'm not a fan of-i come from calif./oregon so this is a no-brainer!
(vegas does not have decent fruit-period!)
Cool bulk items-several types of quinoa, (yay) and delicious granola!
The food is so fresh.
Decent selection of other foods including kosher foods.
Good food, good prices, great service, very clean, and often a police presence.
It's like loblaws compared to no frills, where whole foods is compares to fiesta farms.
They always have fresh and healthy foods ready to go!
Well, i find the flavours in persian food much subtler.
20mins, but at least you know that the food is fresh!
High quality food at low prices.
Lots of adjumonis preparing mandu, ttoek and other delights to sample.
They have a ton of korean snack foods and prepared food to go.
This place has everything from great food, to great customer service, to high prices.
Or you can have them deliver your groceries.
They have a good selection of apples, prepared foods, and lunch meat.
Festival foods is a fine grocery store.
Better than whole foods when it comes to seeds/nuts and oils.
It is expensive but some of the food is hard to find elsewhere.
Overall i am pretty happy with my shopping experiences at whole foods.
I needed a delivery service to go from henderson to the bellagio and they did just that!
Whole foods is wonderful, but  too expensive for me to shop there regularly.
So naturally, finding out about this specialty italian store filled with imported foods, was a great find!
Totally worth the detour, if you love italian food like i do!
This is clearly the best spot to grab your veg and fruit.
The previous location was bigger and with more parking, but still the same food and fresh selection.
The food court area is convenient, they also have little stores inside, cosmetics, bedding, and herbal stores.
Food is good, especially short eats and the chicken kothu is divine.
Great work, artisanal foods!
I love whole foods so much- their vibe, selection of merchandise and mantra really appeals to my eco-friendly, organic-buying personality.
Whole foods is fabulous and pricey but worth the money if you spend wisely!
This ht has a way bigger floral, deli, and bakery than i've seen.
I want my vegetarian foods and i want organic this and that with no high fructose corn syrup.
And, yeah, sometimes i want the weird international foods you're not sure what to do with, much less pronounce.
Whole foods isn't that far away.
Foods in their food corner are really good!
But just don't order japanese foods here, they don't cook it that well,,, but the korean foods are super good!
The food court was great, the mexican culinary really excel the standards.
The way they prepare their food in front of their customers was outstanding.
They make it when you order it and it's delicious.
This makes sprouts a great affordable place to get wholesome organic food products that wont annihilate your bank account.
Fresh bakery and deli.
You dont need to be jewish to shop there and they take out food is amazing.
They have everything from a deli section with prepared dinner to take home (sushi, tapioca drinks, bbq butcher section!)
The bakery section is huge with all types of breads and cakes and seafood/meat is also noteworthy.
It's amazing how much different foods they carry from china, korea, japan, taiwan, vietnam..
I regularly pick up the fresh eggs and in-season fruits and vegetables.
Fruits and veggies are always fresh and are always beautifully displayed.
In the very back of the grocery is where you can find the cooked/prepared food.
Closer to the entrance is a mini food court with small boutiques.
If my memory serves me correctly there's only 3 or 4 food stalls.
Dozens of food to choose from and always tasty!
It's kinda what you expect in korean fast food though, so it's not exactly restaurant quality.
Thank you very much for the late night delivery  great service!
I like their sandwich specials that you can order at the deli.
Their macaroni salad located next to the deli is also great!
Most of the fruits and vegetables have cut open "displays" so you can see the grade of what you're buying.
They have fruits here i've never seen before that make star fruits seem tame.
The food was good.
We are from l.a.so there are many paces to get delicious fried fish.
For those who have no vehicle or means to get to vons, they offer delivery.
Made in america rum and the vanilla flavored rum in some coke zero is crazy delicious.
Not to mention, love there produce and food in general!
Makes being a traveler easy with tasty bulk foods.
$12.55 for two breakfasts and fresh fruit, nuts, and dried fruits for snacks.
Simply put, we tried all the well known stores, but earth fare is second to none in preparing food trays.
They got details on exactly what i needed, found it, and were actually early in their delivery.
Trendy atmosphere, good food, super friendly customer service, unique inventive foods.
However, this fruit (and vegetable) market is really solid.
And we split a delicious pasta salad.
The salad is like a delicious take on bibimbap -- a little mix of everything.
I also got the soup of the day, which was a delicious squash soup with chunks of various veggies.
Glad to have this option for fresh food and new choices!
Ample portions for the price and delicious quality that you can taste.
Value: 3.5/5 repeat: yes   notes: they primarily serve sri lankan food.
For the uninitiated recommend the (mild) chicken/seafood kothu rotti or lamprais (pronounced as "lump rice")
They have almond milk at the coffeebar which is appreciated and the juices are delicious.
We're talking about shopping for groceries, but t&t makes a case for not having to visit asia for food.
Fruits are great and of endless options.
If you're a foodie and you're on a budget, this place will be an adventure.
Noticed lots of different food you can't get at other markets.
Special food from hawaii.
Loved the pre made meals near the deli.
The wheel cakes here were delicious.
They carry ying ying soy food products.
It honestly boggles my mind how much food you can get there for the price.
I appreciate that they make eating junk food less junky.
Great place to buy health food at a reasonable price.
Lots of "exotic" fruits ... red dragonfruit from vietnam, longan and lychee.
Everything i purchased was excellent quality: produce (some of it organic), seafood, prepared foods.
Shrimp (cooked and frozen) from seafood dept was awesome too.
No fishy smell around the seafood counter, a good sign of freshness.
They both like organic food and local product.
I called them the day before my items needed delivered and they delivered beyond my expectations!
Was it more delicious and did my conscience feel clean after purchasing?
The store is a lot of fun for foodies and cheese lovers.
Lots of cheeses to try and choose from; as many beers, ales and wines to wash the delicacies down with.
It is always crowded, but the prepared food is the best.
Their dairy deli section is great because they have all kinds of sour cream and hispanic cheeses.
You can mix the fruits with their cheeses and/or sour creams.
If you like food, you should stop by sometime.
You can casually sit and enjoy your "fast food" delicatessen treat by the large windows that overlooks queen west.
Affordable and good quality food.
I am a professional chef and a fan of asian food.
Great service and the foid fresh and delicious.
Love the picnic table food court
This is a great deal and allows you to try 5 beers  surprise: they actually serve elevated bar food!
It seems to fit in a slot between mustard seed and whole foods.
They now have a large liquor selection and a full deli that serves boars head.
I love their selection of gluten free/vegan foods.
I try to incorporate healthier foods into my families diet and this is a convenient place to stop.
It does it's job for me and gets me the various things i need for japanese food.
A wise man once told me- go to wholefoods to be seen, but shop at sprouts to save green.
I haven't had the food from the kitchen/restaraunt, but i've bought salsas from them and it tasted really good!
Food-wise the store carried queen creek olive mill oils and tapenades as well as tracy dempsey confections.
I can't wait to return and try some more delicious things.
Artisanal foods is small in size but carry a huge and fantastic selection of imported and domesticated specialty foods.
I am a novice in the gourmet food area and all my purchases are for my family's enjoyment.
Stopped by the food court for some quick bites.
Food court closes at 9pm.
My fit foods is a perfect solution for me!
It is a bakery and a coffee bar; it has prepared foods and an assortment of cheeses and wine.
The vegetables and fruits were delicious.
I used to buy two to three containers of prepared food weekly so at least i'm saving money!
The only complaints i have is that they currently don't carry goya products and the deli counter can be slow.
At other times, the deli counter is humming along fine.
In particular, their buffalo chicken deli sandwich is spectacular and a great quick lunch option.
I go here for the food and not for the groceries.
They make amazing greek food and lebanese butterfly chicken.
It's neat that they have a gift/shopping section on top of the groceries, restaurant, and deli.
Seating is a little cramped, but the food makes it worth it!
A lot of cool stuff to browse while waiting on our food to be ready.
The pulled pork was delicious and there was a ton of it.
Service is great, food is fresh, store is clean.
Deli is your quick stop for those long days, fresh fried chicken, roasted chicken with your classic pairings freshly made.
They worked hard to eliminate gmos in their food section.
-they have one of the best selections of organic, non gmo and local foods.
It is better than whole foods who sell a lot of non-organic foods.
-they financially support organic farmers and other small alternative food businesses.
-i hate the new deli.
The deli food is too expensive.
Fortunately there now are more choices of where to shop such as farmers markets and other natural food stores.
Being a new yorker, i love that i can find specific food items here that i cannot find anywhere else.
Thankfully, we drove up the street and brought home some delicious sushi.
Other than the food, i simply love their line of hand soaps.
Well, apparently whole foods is ridiculously expensive north of the border too.
It's a small grocer and deli in the squirrel hill neighborhood in pittsburgh.
You can go here for anything from basic groceries, to fresh deli meat, to homemade bread.
If you don't feel like cooking, ruggeri's will do it for you, and the food is great!
It is circle k - cheap gas, cheap soda, cheap gas (of a different kind if you eat the food).
There are so many food and drink items to choose from.
The phnom penh is a soup with noodles, seafood and minced porc( i usually ask for no organs).
It is delicious and is humongous.
They are so generous with their food portions...
I would recommend to try this restaurant if you love authentic asian food.
Always walk out with good food for my dollar.
We had the oyster appetizer and it was delicious.
As far as food lions go, its not bad.
*this is one of the few food lions that seem to have at least three cashiers on duty most times.
Old school fine foods market now has a full menu/full bar restaurant.
The food is top notch and the service is great!
Quality local beer selection, awesome wine list (or you can grab a bottle from the wine room) and again...the food!!!!!!!!!!!
Nations fresh foods is a real neat grocery store with a fantastic food court!
They have food items from all over the world under one roof, so cool!
What i love most about them though, is their food court!
Food court prices are really cheap (except for the pay by the weight stuff).
They also have a deli section and a bakery.
Their takeout sushi is superior to the dried out crappy stuff you can buy at vons or most gocery/deli stores.
Ethnically chinese-korean food is way better tasting cuisine than true korean or japanese-korean food(aka-yakiniku).
The people in back who prepare all the premade foods put a lot of attention into detail.
I really love how fresh and perfectly seasoned the fermented food tastes.
Friendly staff, and great prepared foods too!
The foodie in me can't help but adore the bottles and colorful labels especially those with food pics!
The produce is fresh, the food and bakery are great, staff shows willingness to help.
The food offering is perfect.
Not too much - just enough food to accompany a few beers.
Some of my favorites are the blueberry, chicken, maple, seafood, and huevos.
In addition, there deli is priced better than the local stores as well.
Great variety of healthy foods.
When it comes to fresh fruits and veggies this is the place to go.
Lots of homemade food.
I still love my fit foods.
The difference here is, that the food is made fresh and take a look...
So much good food!
Then enjoy your food while listening to a player grand piano.
Then add a grocery store with a plethora of specialty foods like homemade sausages.
Right behind the fruit is a meat counter that is my new home.
All of our fresh food is locally grown or butchered; why yes, you have me sold, sold, sold.
Best korean supermarket/food court in toronto.
The food court is outstanding and sometimes on weekends they have mariachis playing.
I've even found the patrons who sit at the benches at the food court to be very friendly.
Delicious fruits and vegetables, wonderful selection of organic everything.
Two things have stood out for me about this harris teeter: bakery and pet food.
In the pet food isle, i have found some lesser known brand with quality ingredients and reasonable prices.
I have tried some of the soups in their prepared food section, and they were pretty good.
They also have a wider variety of prepared foods, and i think a bigger freezer section.
The name of the store really describes it best "south african food shop."
When i first walked in i was greeted by the delicious aroma of hand tossed pizza.
Both junk food staples of my youth.
They have an entire aisle dedicated to hispanic foods like goya, that reminded me of the old bodegas back home.
They also sell fresh food and drinks in the deli section.
I hear the tacos are delicious and cheap--only $1.50 each.
Always good quality food!
One of the best italian deli/grocery stores ever!!!
I am such a trader joes fan, great prices on quality food items that don't contain preservatives and artificial flavors.
The frozen foods selection is amazing and they have great wines!
They have plenty of other healthy, organic foods and the employees are very friendly helpful.
I think it's funny how they always comment about different foods you're buying when you're in the checkout lane.
It also has excellent ethnic food sections and enough organic to make everyone happy.
I'm very delighted that they have very affordable prices and on top of that, a bakery inside the grocery store.
The deli food is also quite tasty.
I'd liken it to, a combination of whole foods and earth fare with a touch of trader joes.
They have cheeses galore, and their self serve food bin area goes on for days.
This is probably the best natural food store in toronto.
Not my fault there's so much great food!
Love the food, snacks and to go options.
Tj's offers great quality foods at very reasonable prices, especially their own trader joe's branded items.
A lot of their stuff is organic and geared toward the food conscious grocer.
They also don't have a live deli or meat & seafood counter.
They do offer a limited selection of fresh packaged meats and cryovaced deli choices though.
No nonsense fruit and veg, that doesn't cost a kings ransom.
I really like the various food items that are from other areas of the us and globe.
I came by the cafe with family and friends in early december and was delighted!
The food was delicious, the staff was extremely friendly and we never felt rushed.
The staff is very helpful and the samples are always delicious.
Great place to get organic food.
I buy most if my veggies and fruits here.
Everything is organic (if that's important to you) and they have an amazing deli & cheese counter.
The delivery service is awesome and the packaging is nice and most especially the food is pretty and delicious.
This place has such a large and great selection on produce, fruit and veggies, seafood, etc.
Also an amazing resource for foods you can usually only find on the east coast.
All of the cakes and deli foods are made fresh at the store.
No pretentiousness or surly wait staff to greet you or ignore you or aggravate you, just really good food.
Luvvvvv this place the food is amazing and the service really great.
They also have a great selection of hard to find european foods.
Shop for foods, and eat in the café....delish.
It may just look like a stick-less popsicle, but i assure you this is far more delicious!
Great food to go.
Duh   combo price with the wheel cake $2 extra   delicious.
Earl's had a variety of delicious dishes.
The white lilu biscuit was delicious and i highly recommended.
The store also had a fairly large cheese/deli section, and all of the same dips/spreads/fresh pasta that loblaws carries.
The food was worth it.
Add maple produce to the ridiculously adorable and delicious list of things on roncy.
No artificial flavors or hormones in any of their brand foods.
All the food they provide is fresh aside from being very convenient.
They now have a dedicated section for bulk natural foods too.
We love the hot and ready food, they have amazing tamales!
Very friendly and helpful staff and a decent prepared food section if you need something on the go.
I love greek food and was thrilled to find, among other things, mizithra cheese!
It's a huge super market complete with a deli, bakery, eatery, and everything else.
They even have semi-prepared food you can take home to fully prepare yourself that is already seasoned.
We love my fit foods !!
This place has the freshest seafood at very reasonable price.
This restaurant is delicious!
This whole foods market is quite impressive... more impressive than the whole foods markets i've been too.
Also, what a great selection of food!
Food was very good, but ridiculously expensive.
Besides the prices, this is one of the best whole foods i've been to.
The farro was good, the currants were delicious but the pumpkin seeds were legit.
Consistently delivering excellent customer service.
What i can say is i have been satisfied with whole foods.
Food is so good and fresh.
I love this giant eagle because of its larger selection of ethnic type foods.
Love this grocery store, delicious food and worth the trip.
Definitely pricey on brand name aisle food.
But the adjarski xachapuri is probably the greatest food ever made!!!
The deli & meats are great!
All in all, the food was solid, and the servers were very friendly.
If you are far too lazy to actually ration your healthy foods, come here.
Anyway, i'm a huge fan of their mixed fruit tub/box/thing.
It looks interesting, we go inside and it's a russian deli and market.
Upstairs is a deli, a bakery, a produce section, frozen foods, personal items, etc.
Very informal place but the food is great.
Seriously, why don't i have a glazier's food marketplace near my home?
This is like a bristol farms, whole foods, and gelson's rolled into one without the attitude and high prices.
The prices are generally cheaper compared to whole foods.
Great place to shop for groceries, i come here for all of my groceries except fruit.
Their fruit is always in terrible condition.
I'll stick with costco for getting fruits.
Other than fruit they are great.
They've got a computer for inputting your deli order so that you don't have to wait at the counter.
How to say it.......one of the best fruit/veg grocers along bloor between bathurst and christie, for sure.
The frosting was light and delicious.
An amazing variety of food and really good prices.
There is the food court which remained, although slightly smaller.
The actual food section also remained mostly intact, although separated to two sections now (kind of like a c layout).
And add whole foods and you got this place.
Always there to help and fruit is always fresh .
And amazingly,  almost lighting speed fast response and delivery.
I definetly recommend anything u want delivery service to anyone looking for top quality services at a very reasonable price
Nice place to sit down and eat healthy food or study in noisy environment if you're one of that kind.
Their prepared foods are always good and fresh.
I have always prefer sprouts over whole foods.
After speaking with the cashier i have learned that they are remodeling all sprouts and putting in a food bar.
Although i didn't try their food bar, everything looked really fresh.
I was delighted to try a salad that was different than the same old leafy varieties.
I tend to get the spinach, mozzarella and mushroom crepe and it is always fresh and delicious.
One of my fav places to grab salad snack for healthier alternative to fast food.
The salad bar is always filled with lots or delicious choices.
The food at the carrot is amazing.
The prepared foods are incredible.
There's always some organic greens or amazing quinoa dish that is truly delicious.
They have the best variety of food and all the other items.
Also, it doesn't smell like durian/fish/death... as some others tend to, even with a very large and fresh seafood department.
Then i just go right over to fruit and veggies and boom!
I am from california and a mexican food fan and i was very please once i stepped into this place.
Everything in here reminded my of the good authentic mexican food, chips, salsa, and meat.
I go here every week to buy the delicious fresh chips and salsa.
The hot food is just as amazing and so glad i found this place.
I haven't been to seafood city or sf market yet, so i only have 99 ranch market to compare with.
The steam trays had what looked like real chinese food, not that chow-mein-sweet-and-sour american "chinese" stuff.
Delicious sandwiches and great atmosphere - and who doesn't love boar's head meat!
I highly recommend this place for fruits and vegetables!
Such a beautiful clean spacious grocery store with healthy items and food/bakery items.
Beer selection is a given, but let's talk about the other stuff:  1) the food.
It can be a bit slow in regards to food, but i don't mind.
They got fruits here that i cannot find at the regular grocery stores.
As for vegetables, they got more of them here and fresh too.
They got different meat to choose from even seafoods.
When i need a quick lunch in yorkville i like to stop in at whole foods.
If you need a quick tasty lunch with lot of veggie options try out whole foods.
Their hours are short but the food is very good.
Food surprisingly good (not sure why i'm surprised, but i am).
I tend to go to the one in east liberty which makes this one look like a whole foods.
Oh and they have a rather large ethnic food section (comparable to market district!
Great selection and great prices - i do the majority of my food shopping here.
Great selection of gluten free foods.
This is a very convenient place to shop for snacks and prepared foods to impress visitors you may be hosting.
Many of the prepared foods are so fresh, natural  and delicious.
Tacos and banh mi are delicious!!!
Italian sandwich was also delicious.
The people at the deli are super nice!
I think the food co-op closed!
Filled with unique meats, sauteed vegetables, some on bread, others not... and typically served with a side of fries.
Very nice folks work there and the prices are just as reasonable as the food is delightful.
Plenty of parking, wide aisles, hard to find foods makes woodman's my go to market.
We also had the cashew butter bar which was insanely delicious.
The habanero gold jelly is delicious as a marinade or spread.
Oh, did i mention that there is a food court and bakery too?
Limited menu but good authentic food.
Everything is delivered on disposable plates, plastic flatware and styrofoam containers but none of that matters.
The food is delicious and the portion sizes are perfect.
Hip, bright restaurant/coffee shop with good tunes, good food, books, boardgames, and newspapers to enjoy.
The bakery and deli here are the main reason i come here.
If i see one of the good deli workers i request them.
There is a large kosher section near the deli that has my favorite hot dogs.
The avocados were overpriced and not ripe and most of the fresh cut fruit looked sad.
Not as good as whole foods, but i'll take it.
Fresh food cooked to order... great dessert choices...prepared foods available in bulk...local brands....  earl's grocery has it all!
The food is fantastic--house-made bacon, anyone?--and the ambiance, from the decor to bobby's welcoming smile, makes this place a winner.
Great quality unique food.
I really like that they have such a large hot food counter, it's like having 3 mini-restaurants inside the market.
I am here almost every day to the point the hot foods folks know me already.
If you like mexican food, you will love this place!
If you don't like their food, then you do not like mexican food lol!
At the end we all ended up helping my daughter finish her cake, which was delicious!!!
Nonetheless, delicious and full of health!
Great fresh supermarket a little pricy but cheaper than whole foods and similar kind if store.
Great food, good coffee and a cozy, eclectic atmosphere made for a positive experience.
Or spending a fortune on over priced food at the kitchen table.
The produce section has an incredible selection of fresh fruits and veggies that are very reasonably priced.
The deli has wonderful choices to choose from, including build your own or fresh made sandwiches.
They also have a salad bar and soup that is always fresh and delicious.
This place is pretty fantastic when it comes to asian food and ingredients.
It's always packed so you know their food made on premises is always fresh.
Now that i think about it the hot food take out section never has any of its stuff labelled.
They have delicious lunch service as well for great prices.
The soups are delicious and we frequently grab one of their pasta dinners to share for dinner.
Great food with fresh ingredients.
Both excellent plus the most amazing specialty foods to take home.
A friendly staff helped me with weighing fruits at those hanging scales.
Variety of food, .lots of choose from.
I definitely recommend the soup and salad combo; they were both delicious, flavourful, and super filling!
They have a lot of great deli items like premade sides, salads, rotisserie chicken, etc.
Now, let's talk about their food counter... their daily specials are all to die for.
Great place to shop for organic fruits and veggies as well as vegetarian and vegan products.
Their dark chocolate bars are delicious!
Sure, whole foods has the unpasteurized goats milk cheese direct from scotland you can't live without.
One of it's shining features is their deli department.
And then came the food.
Nations is an authentic, ethnic grocery store targeting foods from mostly asian countries.
When you enter the store, you can find all these delicious options pretty much at the front to the right.
Their cakes are delicious and affordable.
I poured my glass of milk and it was delicious.
I love this store with their fresh dairy, veggies, fruit, meats, seafood, and poultry.
It was really good food.pork and chicken rice and peas is really good.nothing beat it.
This is a great little gem, kinda like if a trader joes and whole foods had a kid!
We used this service to deliver a nice bottle of champagne to our friends for a surprise when they arrived.
They shopped for a bottle, packaged it really nicely and delivered to the hotel.
So if you healthy foods and want to shop somewhere else besides whole foods, this it.
It is one of my favorite places to shop and get prepared foods, so i go frequently.
Not a lot of places know how to prepare vegan foods but their vegan proteins are delicious!
Which other whole foods market is on the subway line?
Lots of cutlery etc  the food 5/5 very fresh tasting food.
The portions are great for the "ordered" food and the packaged options are very delicious.
I don't remember the last time i found a place where i could eat fresh delicious food for 10$?
The basha's deli is the shiz....yes, the shizzy 4 hizzy baby.
Same with the cheeses, no slicing till i order it...basha's deli treats a girl right.
The store is clean, the produce is fresh, and they have a pretty good selection of organic foods.
Foodwise, the menu is made up flatbreads, small plates, and large plate options with a southern flare.
I had the maryland style seafood dip, low country oysters, and the quail and waffle.
I also have eaten the food and it is fantastic.
Great location, great service and my salad (mediterranean salad with chicken) was huge and delicious.
It's a true hidden gem with tonnes of character and some of the best food i've ever tasted.
Like others are saying, it is like a mix of trader joe's and wholefoods but with better prices.
The deli counter is great also!
Food has always been great and the service is friendly but professional.
Now, their bakery is a real delight!
To steal from dora's backpack "delicioso!
I needed a pick up and delivery made in lv (value over $1000) before i could arrive into town.
Undoubtedly the best seafood i have had in montreal !
I wish they had better selection of frozen foods with larger portions.
It's always a pleasure seeing him whenever i drop by for food.
The frozen food case is loaded with indian products you can't find anywhere else.
This is is 1 of 2 stores where you can simply count on getting great fruits.
I got so many different veggies and fruits for so cheap!
I think it's cool that they have a little food court in there!
This service went super seamless & the delivery was so quick!
The meat and seafood section.
The fresh fruit water is a great place to stop for a refreshment.
Also, the cocina  (food section) offers a great variety.
And just think - just yesterday, i spent $2 for 3 tomatoes at whole foods.
Has food from macedonia, bulgaria, bosnia, serbia, and croatia mainly :)
Anyway, the selection and quality of food is really good.
The selection of foods isn't the greatest, the prices are a little higher, and it's quite cramped.
I will drive past whole foods, heinen's and giant eagle just to shop at dave's.
Food city is terrific!
The food moves (not literally of course, but out the door in the bags of paying customers).
Great food, low prices...you just gotta' go!
This is my new favourite store to get all my heathy foods and snacks!
80%+ imported foods from italy!
It's a great store for the more unconventional food products that aren't usually found at "big box" grocery stores.
Imho the food they sell seems to be of a healthier variety.
I work in the plaza with this metro, and i find myself eating their food for a lot of lunches.
Also they have a variety of gourmet foods to choose from.
You can always find something here for the foodie including a nice bottle of wine.
Clean, warm, and inviting stores, good selection and quality of food.
No more trekking all the way to whole foods for me, when i can get it here!
They even started bottling their own fruit water.
And they also have a good selection of organic fruits and veggies.
It has gourmet foods and an excellent wine and liquor selection.
Best organic and non gmo foods!
Also head to the bakery where they have delicious muffins:)
They've got a bakery and a seafood and deli in this location.
It's a food grocery store that carries everything (ie.
If you're looking for authenic mexican/hispanic foods then this is the grocery store for you.
Love the deli and salad bar.
The deli, produce and the butcher have a more than impressive selection and the prices are just right.
Even when the local chain grocery is out of strawberries, trader joe's delivers.
Oh, and do not fear the pre-packaged sushi - it is delish!
The heritage organic pigs gorge themselves on acorns during the fall season, permeating their fat with delicious sweet nutty flavour.
Normally, at whole foods a small 3oz container will set you back over $10.
Artisanal foods, where have you been all my life?
I really like the food  and atmosphere of the place.
I'm glad to see there's a new service deli manager in that department!!
The store is massive and has a non-food section in the middle that sells kitchenware and joe fresh clothes.
No, i do not shop at whole foods.
I was blown away by the "food court" area as well as the bakery with the variety of fritters.
The food was delicious!
Whatever it's food and i've put weirder things in my mouth.
The deli has seating overlooking queen at the corner with floor to ceiling windows.
Been to the restaurant years ago (2008) i remember that you have to pick your fresh seafood.
The prices are a bit steep but you are a paying for fresh seafood cooked as per your order.
Beautiful decor, great ambiance and the coffee and food are delicious.
The owners are the nicest men and their mom cooks the best food in the back.
Their food court is amazing.
However, the frozen meats and prepared foods are excellent and very reasonable.
The best part about buying frozen trader joe's foods in cleveland?
Typically once a week i will make a stop at sun plum to get fruit for the week.
Not only do the carry produce, but have a full deli as well.
My hubby and i went to marios the other day and let me tell you...the food is absolutely amazing!!
The bulk food bins- raw almonds for $2.99 a pound is a great deal.
I love this place, because it means i don't have to patronize whole foods for my organic needs.
Gotta love those diy containers of grains, fried fruits and nuts.
The downside is that their meat selection isn't that big, and their deli section only sells boar's head products.
All of the salads were tasty without being so saucy you can't taste the vegetables.
With a capital f.    going to whole foods, can be compared to a grocery-'spa' experience for the average shopper.
Food samples, with or without attendants.
I liked entertaining the idea of purchasing organic cherry tomatoes, fruits, cheese...
Prices are generally higher than elsewhere, but you can expect that a lot of the food is  organic and additive-free.
Whole foods was well-staffed, and i left feeling pretty good.
Anyway when you walk in, go straight to the back and stand in line to get the hot food.
They also having quite food court that you can purchase the cook food and having it over there.
Icecream  / gelato bar in the front, bakery, butchers, a deli with a million choices...and a hot foot center.
The salad is not a conventional leafy green salad, but a mix of superfoods and grains.
The 3 taco plate with rice/beans is an awesome deal for the amount/quality of food you get.
Great place to shop for all your ethnic and not ethnic foods too!
Keep going and you have now entered their food court.
Well, i was fast, the food wasn't.
Still the best selection i've found in natural food stores for eco-friendly beauty products.
I use to be a long time manager in a natural foods store.
But this is the natural foods business.
Giving stores buying power allows for local and fresher products and support for small natural food companies.
They have a delicious  hummus ($1.99/10 oz.tub),  and my favorite  is roasted garlic (break out the breath mints).
I think it's really awesome how they have a 3rd party delivery service.
No waiting in line at the deli.
Also shop at trader joes, biglots, and sometimes whole foods.
So, i am such a big whole foods fan.
There is a pretty wide variety of fruits and vegtables to choose from and there are always items on sale.
Boar's head deli meats.
All time favorite place to shop for food.
Very good variety and unique items in the frozen food section.
Thank you also mrs. g for not keeping your amazing recipies a secret and sharing the deliciousness with us!
Best produce in town without the whole foods snob markup!
Love the deli, love the food court, love the bakery, love, love, love, love the meat section!
Everything is fresh, delicious and affordable.
Come get your delicious whole chickens only $5 each includes fresh tortillas and jalapenos.
Always clean great food and great prices, do not come here when there is a boxing fight.
Sometimes i purchase some of their watery fresh fruit juices if it's avail as i walk in.
Found some beautiful fresh flowers as well as a delicious meatloaf, spring rolls, and several other items.
Everything i tried was filling and delicious.
I even found an all-veg b12 vitamin spray that tastes amazing and fruity.
I enjoy the soothing music and trader joe's/whole foods feel about this place without the hefty price tag.
First of all, it has a foodcourt.
It doesn't look shabby unlike the foodcourts at dragon centre and other chinese foodcourts.
Homemade food is amazing, we love mexican food and this is incredible!
It's a small store with food in the fridge that was obviously prepared with care and attention.
The food is divided up into meals; breakfast, lunch and dinner.
I highly recommend my fit foods..
The amazing products they carry, the meets, cheeses, the prepared food, the bakery...
Cat food just went up from 65 cents to 79 cents last week.
I don't believe that food that is natural should have to be labeled.
I love to go to sprouts to get a load of veggies and fruits.
The big barrels full of dried fruits and nuts are a must visit.
The vegetable and fruit section is the real draw for me.
They have a great selection and the best price on veggies and fruits.
My friends and i go weekly to get their delicious egg sandwiches and lattes.
All of their food is so so good, the service is excellent, and the owners are so friendly and delightful.
They have a great diverse amount of craft foods among other things!
Highlight, this is the only t&t i've been to that has a deli department.
The fish and seafood selection is great, much better than zagaras.
Their selection of vegetables is good, mostly fresh and reasonable prices.
We love the good variety of fresh vegetables and fruit at great prices.
The bakery and deli also very good.
I don't like to buy the vegetables & fruit because i don't think they are very fresh.
I went the following weekend to try their ice cream and other pastries, which were equally delightful.
Great food at a great price.
5 star food at under 10 to $15.
Can't beat the prices of fresh fruit and veggies; delicious  bolillos and pan dulce.
Lovely staff, great food, super affordable prices and the ice cream?
The whole whole foods franchise has sorta turned into a monster.
What i like best about whole foods is their salad bar, hot/cold section and bakery.
If you're at whole foods you have to try their salads at their deli/salad counter.
A great vegetable section with standard grown and organic items.
The meat/seafood areas are just the same with many options of fresh seafood and meats.
They also offer the standard packaged meats/seafood.
The rest of the store is standard layout with its dairy, juices, frozen foods, cosmetics, shampoos, dog foods and toiletries.
It's like whole foods with better samples lol i bought two packages of  stroopwafels and they were roughly $3usd each.
The smoky deliciousness of the baba ghanouj/sh was my favorite.
Store is clean, meat looks fresh and the guys from the deli are quick to fill your order.
You can also find a healthy and gluten free section in the frozen foods.
It's a natural foods/health/supplement location with a commercial/new-agey bent.
They offer a variety if fresh fruits and veggies.
The meats & seafood are generally fresh.
The bakery section is above board, as is the deli and hot order items!
There are gourmet items and an aisle for ethnic foods.
Emphasis on latin food.
I think we've found our go-to market when we need latino foods or ingredients.
I haven't had a crepe in approximately one million years and my lunch here was so lovely and delicious.
My mom really enjoyed her food too - she talks about it all the time.
A word of caution: not all the food is delicious, or even edible.
I generally stay away from the hot food.
It is hella fun to just walk around in here and look at all the food though.
And they usually have food demonstrators set-up around the store to offer a sample of a product they are introducing.
The food is amazing and so tasty, they never disappoint.
The best place for a quick bite with delicious italian food!
They even have a restaurant too indulge in dishes right away.... food is fresh and to die for!!
Some of the food prices are higher than wal-mart, but it's so much more convenient.
Cons:  -they accept cash, debit, or food stamps only.
-unlike wal-mart, their toiletries, school-supplies, and non-food items are usually very overpriced.
Deli staff is very professional.
Great fruit and veggie market.
This is an improvement and i hope others in the deli follow her lead.
Additionally, the food looked amazing and will have to try on my next visit.
Or skip them all together for a salad reaping with organic vegetables.
Deli counter in back makes ginormous sandwiches, but be specific about toppings or you won't get any!
Prices are higher than i pay at food lion.
The roti is definitely the best i've had, delicious spice and a generous amt of boneless/cartilage free chicken.
You get to pick the fresh sea food you want.
Their food is good.
Want some authentic mexican food?
I also like the food court inside the supermarket for lunch.
Purchased the most delicious peanut butter chocolate rice crispy treat.
Lol fresh made foods also.
A few frozen food coolers with healthier frozen meals, pints of ice cream and bottled drinks.
If you can suck it up for a not so comfortable experience, you will be rewarded with delicious food.
The variety of meats will make doing some mexican food at home very easy.
Not only groceries but a huge salad bar, pizza, chicken, paninis, sushi and more in the 'food court' area.
They have a huge fresh made convenience (pre-made, packaged) food area.
Nice size deli, slicing mostly boar's head meats and cheeses.
The fruit/veggie selection can be slim at times, but i have seen it more well stocked in recent visits.
I personally am thankful for the selection of vegan options ranging from frozen foods to cheese and milk.
There are so many staple foods i get here and i like that they are unique and mostly healthy.
A few things you should always get:   the maple pecan granola cereal all the dried fruit  boysenberry jam!
They have a large selection of meat, poultry seafood.
Fruit n meats are always fresh.
Deli is good as well...a lot of choices.
As the food is very fresh.
Slightly pricey - 16.50 +tax but lots of food.
Very affordable, delicious, and unique breakfast plates.
Love coming here, quality food at great prices !
Everything was just delicious and not to mention nutritious!
Someone recommend  festival foods to me so i went to try it and fell in love.
The beer section is amazing and so it the deli area.
I thought they had a wide variety of food and was responsibly priced.
Location does play into that but also for the amazing service and food selection.
Finally a whole foods in the area and not downtown location.
I just want to say thank you  to 'tony'  working in the deli.
Wholefoods' atmosphere makes grocery shopping a whole lot better.
Tons of organic choices and premade food.
This is an expensive grocery store, but it's sure worth it for those who care about eating healthy food.
Fresh fruit and vegetable.
Conchas are delicious !
I've been shopping often sea food and meat here, they always have a good quality and freshness.
Cold chilled refreshing jugs of horchata (delish) jamaica flower & tamarind.
Their name says it all - the food is fresh (tons of pre-prepared meals ready to bake, grill, etc.)
I came here for lunch, because they have a big menu with tons of different mexican food items.
Tacos were a $1 each and it's like eating home cooked tacos they were delicious.
I tried their fresh lemonade and it was delicious it was perfect for a refreshing hot day.
These guys delivered the documents and saved the day.
For a seafood lover it's the perfect place.
One of most delicious dishes i suggest you to order with your seafood is the vegetable salad.
It was fresh, juicy and very delicious.
I missed a beer(they don't serve alchool, actually they don't serve anything else, just seafood).
Their bakery is out of this world, their food is very good (tacos tacos tacos!!!!!
They have a fruits and vegetables section with a good variety of produce.
Great experience woulda never guessed a food spot like this in a market !
But the people behind the food cases were working hard an very focused on work.
The honey was complex and delicate.
Stellar food, always top-notch.
Fresh, delicious and healthy is the words i'd use to describe this place.
Best subs in town!, good pricing, friendly people, good food.
Yes this crepe is $9, but i still had to doggy-bag it as it was mammothly delicious!
Love it, place is such a dump but the food is excellent best location of the chain by far.
However,  what the other markets cant offer and los altos can is a quality line of authentic mexican foods.
The food is excellent.
The food is fantastic--house-made bacon, anyone?--and the ambiance, from the decor to bobby's welcoming smile, makes this place a winner.
The selection of canned, bottled and frozen foods is beyond compare.
The deli counter is a mixed bag.
Deli meats are not cut fresh from the pack.
They are pre-sliced and laying around, exposed in the deli case.
They have the cheapest food i have ever seen.
Then, made my way back to produce and got wonderful already prepared tropical fruit and the best strawberries.
Glad to have a place for yummy, healthy foods!
In the prepped food section the chicken salad is delicious, as is the meatloaf and mashed potatoes.
Let's not forget the real reason we all join these sorts of food clubs-the samples.
Fresh bakery, deli and other departments clean and provide great products.
If you must get your meat on, i would recommend buying meat products that are prepackaged deli meats and sausages.
I have bought some fruit and veg here, but you have to be super selective.
Although their potatoes, and overall root vegetables, are pretty reliable.
They have a butcher and fish counter, but sadly, no deli (i guess the last one is considered a "frill").
Let's get a deli counter deal in the works, too!
This rating is based on the food court only.
Only thing you're individual paying for the food which is not bad cause everything is price reasonable.
It's got everything that you eyes want to see in an international food court.
As per my seafood city comparison to nations.
The deli is exceptional and also brimming with great items .
Tons of healthy food.
And don't tell me its pricey if you'll buy a $10 burger at a fast food joint.
I love all of the fresh food!
Like aj's or whole foods but cheaper.
It's convenient whenever i need to stock up on delicious snacks.
Food is fresh and delicious- i've been several times and had an amazing lasagna, delicious salads and soup.
The pizza dough is great and the deli has boar's head meats.
I decided to go inside and saw they had a whole foods.
I walked around a little and saw this whole food's has a variety of organic items, which was nice.
Altogether, this is one of the best whole foods i have visited!
Loved the sea food here.
The sides fries are a quite delicious as well, however not too big of a fan of the rice though.
Aisles are easy to navigate through, and there's a decent selection of foods that you would need.
The grocery store has a great variety and high quality food.
The food is delicious and authentic.
Premièrement ils ont un excellent choix de fruits et légumes a très bons prix.
The deli offers a wide selection of good quality meats.
I'm so excited with the opening of this festival foods!
I love whole foods and because celebs shop there.
I'm a picky cook and eater, and i find a lot of hard-to-find foods here and at pusateri's.
Their food is healthy and the cashiers are always nice, and it's not as obnoxious as some people would think.
You also choose vegetables at the counter.
Very clean grocery store compared to foody mart and oriental.
They sell halal meats and they also have a bakery, deli and hot food section.
Their hot food items are usually a hit or a miss, but generally not great.
You have a variety of fish and seafood that you can choose to get on served on your table.
I may shop elsewhere for nonperishables, but i always make a special trip to this sprouts for their vegetables.
I've gone to other markets (ahem..whole foods...) and the vegetables go bad almost as soon as i get them home.
Grab all manner of delicious local products and imports, most notably a great big fridge of quebec micro-brews!
I don't know how to spell what we ordered but everything was so fresh and delicious!
I find the fruits and veggies here very fresh and reasonably priced.
One of my favorite food places in charlotte.
Great coffee and sweet treats, lots of good sandwich options, and their specialty food provisions are second to none.
The price of organic vegetables is very economical considering the market for organic produce demand in the valley.
I will be back for the food but also for gift ideas.
Tim in the deli is our pizza guy.
There are healthy food options at good price points.
My experience at whole foods has always been great.
The best thing at whole foods are their flowers.
I will always think of whole foods if flowers are in need.
They also have a deli with a small selection of plates and sandwiches.
Everything looked unique and delicious, but i unfortunately did not make the right decision.
Deli has great food.
The shelves and freezers are always stocked, the fruits and veggies are usually quite fresh, and everything is well-priced.
I love the food section though!
Must visit for mexican food lovers.
Whole foods is whole foods, wherever.
Pros:  ridiculous selection of all sorts of prepackaged foods from cookies to cereal to pet snacks to frozen pizzas.
The meat is soft and delicious, they have other food but i come for the fish.
Cardenas market is awesome, all kinds of desserts, meats, and food.
I suppose i could go to whole foods, but that is a bit out of my price range.
They always have good sales on in-season fruits and veggies.
Located at bathurst and steeles in the former food basics (metro foods) location.
Send positive vibes for my food, treasures and people interaction here.
Meat poultry and fish departments is very fresh, the deli is awesome.
Fruits and vegetables price was very low.
Their prepared foods section is very good and they even have a place to eat right in the store.
It not whole foods level.
Also, most of the food is just repackaged differently than named brand items from places like supervalu.
Delicious dessert case including oreo mint cheesecake and gluten free options.
Coffee and teas were tasty as were the delicious vegan squares.
Quite delish and love that it's vegan.
This place has anything you could possibly want in a health food store.
I love this one because you can get so much food for $60.
We ordered our food to-go.
The store is cleaned, the staff is friendly, and always stocked with the best fruits and veggies.
The deli is fast and efficient.
But other than the price and parking issue, t&t is a great place to get your asian produce/food/ingredients.
I put a 5 star because everything is awesome from the food, employees, price and the atmosphere.
The best part is their name brand foods all non gmo.
I'm so glad the weather is warming up and i can start walking to wholefoods again.
I go straight to the food bar and fill up one of their biodegradable boxes.
Since it is wholefoods, it can be pricey.
This review is only for bestco's beef broccoli at their food counter!
Still, every time i have passed their smartly fonted sign, i have wanted to stop in and experience artisanal foods.
The place feels like whole foods but without the high prices.
Good selection of fruits and vegetables.
They sell other good food too.
I highly recommend this place to anybody who likes good food.
Kind of like a korean t&t, many great korean food selections here as well as fresh food.
Had the food court food as well as the red bean waffle which was very good.
Its not very big inside but the food is great and people are nice.
Like the name suggests, this store stocks many of the food and bathroom products from the uk.
Such a delight, what a delicacy!
The selection of foods and produce are top notch and the prices are very reasonable.
We got already marinated carne asada for 5.99/pound and boy was it delicious.
The tortilleria had plenty of fresh tortillas and even freshly made tortilla chips which were so delicious.
There is a corner where you can order already prepared mexican food that i am sure is delicious.
They always have fresh meat, fruits and vegetables.
They have a great selection of fruits and veggies as well as a dessert section!
They carry flavoured milk tea, fruit tea, calpis tea, and classic milk teas, along with wheelcakes.
Huge beer selection, great food, attentive, knowledgeable staff and a great, laid-back atmosphere.
Love their prepared foods selection, a lot of vegetarian & vegan items to choose from.
Recently upgraded store with rows of organic food products, high quality vitamins & huge selection of health bars.
I just wish i they had more food options.
Most impressive was the circular deli counter allowing maximum use of space and what feels like unending selection.
The food is always amazing; whether you go for lunch, dinner or brunch.
Both were so delicious.
The food is fresh and the coffee is delicious.
Everybody is always so friendly and great deals on all kinds of healthy foods!
The house made foods are fresh and delicious.
Now that i have been to all of the my fit foods stores..
My fit foods is a great concept.
Awesome selection of fruits and vegetables, packaged goods, and fresh meats.
The fruit and vegetables are what drew me in and i never looked back.
This review is particularly for the bakery and deli.
We found organic fruits and veggies such as; watermelon root yum!
I've tried almost all their milk tea drinks and some fruity ones, i've never been disappointed!
Excellent diverse selection of mostly organic foods.
Good choices of prepared foods for restricted diets including gluten free, vegetarian, vegan and kosher.
But no one is going to shop here for cheap food - very high quality doesn't come cheap.
Hours are also less customer friendly than other nearby specialty food shops like sun valley.
Their weekly specials are really great and fresh, they also have a good selection of prepared foods and cheeses.
If you're hunting for italian food items this is a great place to go.
Food is cheap and i am able to afford snacks again for my family.
Regular food items and organic too.
Their sausages are home made and fruit is great.
Seafood choices are superb as well.
They look delicious and mouth watering.
They also have a wide variety of prepackaged meals which all look delish as well.
I either get the standard cold cut w/ peppers or a "sleeps with the fishes" seafood salad.
Always fresh and the bread is delicious.
They also have a small selection of food items.
For 9$ you get a great looking cheese plate covered with bread, nuts, some fruits, and two local cheeses.
The sushi was surprisingly delicious.
Nice deli including the restaurant.
After you get past the deli it's much like a regular grocery store.
Having figured this out, i will stock up when i'm at whole foods.
Every once in a while i will have lunch at the hot/cold food bar.
Food dish price is by weight of contents that you've selected).
Good quality food, organic food and ice cream.
I had no idea vegan food could be quite so delicious and flavourful.
This location is in the old food land building up the street from jt's rib shack.
There is no deli, bakery or bank.
The selection isn't that great, but the food's fresh.
The food is incredibly fresh, delicious, and exactly what we were looking for.
If you like greek/mediterranean food this is a must stop.
The sparkling passion fruit bubble tea was good, and if you have ritual you get $1 off the drink.
Food items are always fresh, and priced reasonably.
They are remodeling so it's much more open and airy- feels more upscale already!
Hot food area is cheap and convenient
One thousand and one food porn fantasies flooded my already half baked brain.
This food was delicious!
Their food is absolutely fantastic.
Service was prompt and the food was made and delivered to our table quickly.
Especially for the quality and quantity of food you get.
So delicious and full of variety!!!
But actually it is always crowded during lunch time and famous for its healthy food.
Must go back for their crepe~ look very delicious too.
Delicious south american eats prepared while you wait.
How can you not like sprouts, the working man's whole foods?
Great idea, great service, will use in the future to deliver secret pizza!
This supermarket is bustling with customers on weekends and is home to all imaginable korean snacks and foods.
They also make fresh red bean paste waffles in-store and they're absolutely delicious!!
Its just a food market, not all the frills of the super walmarts.
Note..there is not a meat/seafood counter, but they have everything packaged nicely and fresh daily.
Definitely my favourite health food store, hands down.
You want a whole ton of delicious baked goods, both decadent snackies and dinner buns or bagels?
Last night, it was pc frozen summer fruit and pc light feta.
It's a whole foods, there isn't much to say.
The deli counter is big enough with a large selection of deli meats and prepared foods.
I am not a huge lover of olives, but the olive counter looks so delicious.
I've always loved trader joe's for the prices and quirky health foods.
But the quality of food is exceptional.
Not only was it delicious, but probably one of the biggest chicken sandwiches i've ever eaten in my life.
Prices are a little higher, but for the amount of food it's well worth it.
They have modernized the deli, lunch counter, cappuccino & gelato bar and the check-out tills.
The lunch counter was putting away the hot food around 3:15pm so i decided to buy a tiramisu cup.
They also have a small selection of kosher foods.
I had the chicken salad wrap with was delicious with the grapes, ample greens, and large chunks of walnuts.
Extremely kind and helpful staff, affordable unique products and awesome food!!
But when you grow up with certain foods, and you move away from them, it is hard to forget them.
Their salad bowl is a mix of different cold gluten free, vegan and all natural vegetable salads.
Now with online ordering an home delivery as an added bonuses, smith's, once again, raises the bar.
The food is phenomenal.
The focus is definitely on food and drink.
They have a good size deli area offering meats and cheese as well as pizza and other items.
This is about what you'll pay at one of the fast food joints.....and it's a half chicken!!!!
This is a fantastic delivery service!!!
I ordered food from my favorite restaurant and it was delivered hot within an hour.
I also used them to send a gift to a loved one and they delivered it on time looking beautiful.
And the fruit section!
The sandwich was on the small side but absolutely delicious.
Cheap and delicious with an á la carté menu.
Also a nice little grocery store and deli with awesome chorizo sausage
They have such a variety of different foods from across the country, it's a fun grocery trip.
It was mid afternoon so that isn't too surprising since they are supposed to be an absolutely delicious specialty item.
I picked the mesquite chocolate chip cookie which is so smoky-sweet and just absolutely delicious!
The food is 110% amazing.
The staff is super friendly & very knowledge about there food.
Meat is good, although, just moving from fl, i'm a little spoiled in the seafood arena.
For those who ignores vegetarian food because of meat-bias, you are missing out.
Features freshly made deli style cheese, grape leaves etc.
Cheap prices for high quality food, um win!
Trader joe's has a decent health food, organic produce, soups, snacks and frozen item selection.
Fruit is hit or miss, sometimes totally under ripe or rotten.
I buy vegetables there a lot.
The selection of food is impressive for such a small grocery.
I adore the prepared foods section for its fried shrimp and fried smelt.
Pork, marinated and soft and delicious, along with rice, noodles, seafood with veggies, fried rice with shrimp and cheese (!!!).
The herbs seem to be in better shape than whole foods or trader joes as well.
A lot of the food is made on the premises- you have to appreciate that!
Fresh cheeses, pastries, smoothies, and prepared foods, and those corn tortillas that you smell when you walk in- heavenly!
Great food with a unique taste to it.
The beer selection will make everyone happy while the tasty food keeps you sober enough to keep drinking.
I am deducting a star due to the take out chinese food.
Lots of delicious things you may have never seen before, like oh-my-god the raincoast crisps.
The couple times i used the deli were all pleasant experiences.
Also, they have great peanut butter; in particular the one with dark chocolate blended in is delish.
Apart from food, it's also a pleasant place to visit.
The items found in artisanal foods can only be found elsewhere in vegas in the highest dollar chefs restaurants.
Always fresh fruits/veggies and awesome butcher counter.
But i do it because i can get $60 worth of food that would cost me $90 at whole paycheck.
The selection was astounding and it all looked delicious.
Harvest market also offers a lot of organic food options that other stores may not offer which is a nice.
This smith's is huge, with an extremely wide variety of items, both food and non-food.
There is also a very large kosher, organic and natural foods selection here.
They're always a hit and they smell/taste delicious!
I don't come here a lot but it is my go to place for vitamins and organic food items.
Great bakery and vegetable aisle is wonderful.
It's pretty much a food lion/harris teeter competitor.
Super chunk  has amazing treats and cakes and all things sweet, but their sandwiches are delish!
This albertson's is located in a major grocery intersection which includes whole foods, trader joe's, and fry's.
Good assortment of organic/natural food.
The delivery was made within an hour of communicating with the company.
The crepes are absolutely delicious.
The sprinkled birthday cakes are charming and delicious.
A real italian market with great hot food and deli counters.
Fan of their prepared food and salad bar.
I love the variety of foods that you can get.
The food is tasty.
I always feel like i'm stealing when i order food.
That have been there for years and the food is always good.
Get a flight, sample a few sips of each and put an order in for one of their delicious pretzels.
Olive branch carries the best mediterranean and middle eastern foods and ingredients, and i love the restaurant inside!
Lionfish is delicious, but the sauce he made for it-a lemongrass orange juice concoction i believe- was amazing.
They have a nice selection of dried organic fruits and dry breakfast items like oats.
Woke up around 6am and the food court already open.
Long story short he broke down two entire delivery pallets looking for the pasta with no luck.
Plus, my problem when i come in here is impulse buys on things that i don't need but look delicious!
But, very pricy compared to food lion.
), they start discounting the food so they can clear everything out before closing.
The food quality was suprisingly good, and with the discounted prices, are hard to beat.
Definitely will try to hit this place next time i'm visiting the in-laws and have a late night food craving!
The food quality is excellent and the place is very clean.
The general 'health' of a good portion of the food overall.
Awesome :)  fourth, i love the coffee and food samples.
You- alishia what do you make with the food once you get it home?
I love the bulk foods section.
Their produce section is smaller, but as far as pantry items, bulk foods, refrigerated and freezer things: a+++!
Inventory is tremendous, bakery selections are delicious as well.
I havent tried the food court butthe smells are appetizing.
Overall, the pricing for those delicious ramens and famous japanese candies is also great.
Another great thing about whole foods is their amazing selection of bath/body/hair/make up products.
The food selections are top notch and priced fairly.
The bakery is wonderful and the deli is good.
It doesn't have the "big box store" feel of whole foods.
Owner is very nice and willing to explain what the various foods are.
Delicious greasy south sri lankan food, awesome.
The deli is amazing!
Delicious and bountiful produce, impressive steaks, and seafood!
Food is better and fresh .
This place is putting out some pretty good food.
The mac and cheese was obviously homemade and delicious.
Another of my favorite areas is the fresh fruits and veggies.
Its the best seafood place.
You choose the fresh seafood and let them know how you want it to be cooked- grilled, fried, baked etc.
Now i go to f&e for all of my food groceries.
They have their own brands that make very delicious foods.
Love that i can finally go to a place that sells decent soul food that's not a restaurant.
They always have fresh fruit for the kids to snack on.
I am not really a vegan but i like vegetables.
The prices on food is pretty low compared to the regular supermarket.
It does help when i check out and know most of the fruit and veggie codes for the u-scan.
Their meats, breads, and vegetables are high quality.
Let's be honest here, whole foods is not exactly your budget supermarket.
The selection of this location is great, from ready made seemingly 'healthy' foods to a great selection of meats.
The deep fried breaded calamari also delicious.
I wanted flan for a party where the hostess was serving mexican food.
This place consistently has good deals on seasonal fruits and veggies.
Great store, has lots of items you don't see elsewhere and a wide selection of freshly prepared food.
Employee-owned, good fresh food and produce, one stop shop.
I love this store, competitive pricing, clean, and a great deli counter with fresh cooked foods and sushi.
I love foody mart, therefore i love hong tai too!
Nice mexican food section.
Also, they have flatbreads and other foods for like $7.
It has the whole foods feel without the price tag.
Big assortment of baked good, meats, seafoods, etc.
The vegetables are fresh depending on which day of the week you go.
They have a good collection of snacks, masalas, various lentils, frozen items and vegetables.
They also sell freshly made snacks and entrees where you get the food to go.
I love that they will deliver your groceries to your door.
Only problem with on line delivery is you don't earn has rewards
Jessie delivered what i wanted, super friendly and fast!!
They carry a lot of stuff from around the world which is awesome lot's of foods and collectables.
I didnt pay for it so i'm not sure how much it costs but the food is amazing.
The best food ever.
Do yourself another favor and sample from the fruit, cheese and meats they have out.
The isles are wide with enough actual breathing room so you can food shop comfortably.
Deli is bigger & offers soup, salad bar, & additional sandwiches daily.
I was wrong...they do have tj-brand dogfood but it's near the front and i just didn't see it before.
You can always find great local food and produce here.
First bite, succulent duck with plenty of luscious, delicious fat.
Stay with me, yes i'm describing food here.
The cheesecake-like top had a nice browned finish and was as much velvety as it was delicious.
Excellent beer selection and delicious steak tacos.
Pick up some fruit or veggies in the produce department.
Because of their fantastic food.
Better than any of the local fast food places.
This place is adorable and offers delicious treats!
I tried the "junk food" popcorn and the chocolate brownie and both were amazing.
As a native southern californian let me tell you, i know real authentic mexican food.
I like the deli meats and cheese selections at this store.
Other than that, the fresh meat/dairy/vegetables/bread quality is always very good, so i give this place 4 stars.
I try to buy all my fruit and veg here.
Great variety of fruit & veg plus cheap herbs (fresh for 99 cents) and some nice flower choices.
The cake department is usually set up, and today i got myself a nice little fruit custard treat.
Aside from frozen food..they also have discounted chips, snacks, bbq sauces, spices, candies, chocolate...
I like this place for the vegetables; what a selection, fresh, and the biggest lemons i have ever seen.
I'm a total foodie so i make it to different eateries and unique little stops over charlotte fairly frequently.
Love the combination of grains, vegetables, nuts, greens, even a few noodles.
The food is delicious.
So if you don't like to eat sweet food, you don't need to worry and also can have a try.
Lots of pricey organic food in nice packages.
Packed with eye candies for those who love to cook or love to blog about food.
The fruits are organic and seemed fresh.
Reiders has excellent bakery, meat, seafood and deli selections.
Everything looked & tasted delicious.
The store features several counters to order ready-to-eat food: pizza, fried shrimp, sandwiches, sushi, ice cream.
Super authentic, spicy and juicy, fresh and delish!!!
I don't think this place is hippie-dippie at all, less so than whole foods.
Although, i would go to whole foods for cheese and wine and for the cornichons.
My rec is go here first to get basics then sprouts or whole foods for the "special" things.
And the plucots were also delicious.
If you care about eating fresh fruits that taste like what they really are, come here.
Great produce, fruits and love the sushi guys.
I love their candles, the little trial sizes of random gourmet foods (a mini bottle of aged balsamic?
My favorite store to swing by in the morning or late nights for food/snacks/groceries.
Their deli is just fantastic - the turkey/bacon/avocado sandwich is really, really good.
One star off because the parking can be kind of limited at noon (apparently other people like the deli too.)
No rotten fruit or veggies hidden with the good stuff.
Staff was very helpful and i enjoyed a delicious lunch with friends.
The food was well prepared but a little pricey for lunch.
Aside from the great food, they also provide great shopping.
We use to live in cali so hubby and i were very happy once whole foods came to canada.
Even though i am not vegetarian or vegan, many of their vegetarian and vegan dishes ready made are delicious.
I hit the fresh fruits, fresh salad bar, deli department, meat department, and dairy department.
They have the most amazing deli.
The other part of the deli has a great selection of deli meats.
No more waiting at the deli counter for my lunch meats!
The food court is spacious and a lot of food to choose from peking duck to hot soup noodles.
My sister and i are big junk food addicts.
We love to shop for all kinds of junk food.
I've never been to a market were there were so much food.
The best part.....cup noodle curry seafood noodles!!!
Best deli/ market in town!
The place is clean, food is laid out well and fresh food i have bought has been good.
I enjoy coming here to get my italian foods.
They also have a small deli with cheeses and meats, and a freezer section with gelato, sorbet, and frozen pastas.
Certain food cities, such as the on listed here, have tortillareias (dining areas).
Food city has the best store bought chips in town at any location, but the tortillerias will blow you away.
Whole foods is where it is at for your fancy, organic food fare.
Ok - my little rant is over - i was excited to here that whole foods opened in mississauga.
Their prepared food section is huge and lots of selection.
Never been to a whole foods, this location is worth checking out.
It has great food and is very affordable.
Intrigued by a livingsocial deal, we discovered a foodie's wet dream.
And they have food samples all the time so you get to try potential new products.
They have a great selection of healthy foods at affordable prices.
It is still fairly new and has a large offering of all kinds of food, housewares, pharmacy, etc.
Some of their bulk foods are a bargain, but not a huge savings.
The deli consistently under-fills plastic food containers.
Lots of hot food items to choose from and all pretty delicious.
Large open spaces haven't been crammed in with makeshift displays of boxes of food stuffs.
I call it an organic version of whole foods.
Tucked away off the busy hussle and bussle of the darforth, big carrot is great for finding organic food.
It rivals whole foods cold food selection, but i think whole foods has the upper hand.
Get the sauce and shredded cheese out of the fridge and the shells from the deli.
I really enjoyed the food.
The food did not come out all at the same time but it was fast and hot.
It offers the best in local and most importantly fresh fruits veggies and meat.
But dayum, those prepared food counters and that bakery though!
Very good quality food store.
I highly recommend korean food to those who want to loose weight.
Very healthy food and all natural.
Now, you don't have to buy from their online store to experience a delicious new york cheesecake thanks to them.
From the inside, they have a deli, ice cream store, pizza joint, and a sushi stand.
Some highlights: -the meat and seafood sections are amazing!
All the tropical fruit i could ever want - it made the dreary february afternoon a little brighter!
And other delicious foods i was looking at a $150 bill.
We often purchase the rack of ribs and the fried chicken in the deli----the chicken is the best around!
But what do you expect if you want  down home style southern/soul food.
Prices for the vegetables are great and the minute you walk in it smells so good from the tacos cooking.
Great coffee, great service and great food!
#2 concern: is the coffee delicious?
Now that i've gotten that out of the way, let's talk about the food offerings.
Then there is the deli meat that comes from scarpone's (a local italian market).
Then, there is sausages and meats, from valbella, a gourmet food place in canmore.
The food here is excellent and the people are always friendly and helpful.
It is a cute grocery, deli, take out shop.
The meatballs are perfectly seasoned in a delicate tangy tomato sauce.
Give this place a try if your looking for homemade italian food at a good price.
5 for excellent savings in $'s and gourmet foods for an excellent price point.
Has chip, juice, veggies, meats, cookies, desserts, frozen fish, meatballs, burgers, chicken, chicken wings, seafood stuffed chicken, shrimp.
Yelp came to the rescue when i found this delivery service.
It took about 1 1/2 hours between when we ordered and got the food delivered.
The "fast food" selection is so fresh and healthy or you can opt for fresh pizza too.
All other fruits and the veggies were fine.
-usually, there are food/beverage samples to try new items or meal ideas.
It is smooth peanut buttery deliciousness sitting on top of an unbelievable crust and then covered in dark chocolate.
This place is awesome for ethnic food especially the korean variety.
Um, hello fancy grocery store with lots of cool retail and made-to-order food options!
Now these food items aren't your normal get-this-at-any-grocery-store kind of items.
Their read to go food is also way better than t&t.
This time in we noticed fresh salads in the case for $2.99 which included a protein (chef, seafood, chicken, etc).
Nations is truly a walmart for asian food.
Had a good time - great craft beer selection and also good finger food.
They have a nice selection of organics and are cheaper than tj's or whole foods.
The shelves were fully stocked even with the crowd and the food is super fresh!
They have a small food menu and their charcuterie plate is delicious!!
They have an amazing selection of organic fruits and veggies, and exotic hard to find things.
They also have a really great salad bar and hot and cold food lines, carnivore and herbivore friendly.
This place is everything you want in a healthy food store.
They have really good food as well.
I'm 100% a food snob, i can admit it.
Their bulk food selection is one of the best things to ever happen to me!
- always check the bulk selection prior to purchasing any name brand dry foods throughout the aisles.
I always felt like meat from wal-mart's deli shrank excessively while i was cooking it.
The prices on the fruits/veggies at winco, are either equivalent or lower than wal-mart.
Delicious, authentic mexican food at fair prices with friendly service.
Love visiting the restaurant inside food city.
Loved them all, except the grapefruit.
Food is always good and run a lot of various offers.
The vegetable section has a lot of variety though i don't find them particularly fresh.
Forget overpriced whole foods (yuck).
First off, they have prepared italian foods (hello veal, lasagna, ravioli).
For a medium sized store, they have quite a large variety of fruits and veg.
Both kinds of mango's, sharon fruit (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharon_fruit), key limes, etc.
I think my next trip i will try the sharon fruit.
If you are in need of italian food this is a good place to know of.
They have a small cafeteria style area with hot foods served daily.
There is a deli and pastry counter with a good selection of goods.
Also, their deli meats are vast.
The drink and fast food eats selections are more plentiful.
Love the large selection of  frozen foods already prepared.
The deli and bakery are what brings me to this smith's.
The deli offers boar's head meats.
Wow an anthropology lesson and yummy groceries cool... very cool indeed whole foods!
It wasn't overly busy, we stopped at the food court first which i'll review later.
They have food, wine, soda, bracelets, furniture, etc.
Went for staple foods:  apples, coconut water and seaweed snacks.
Great boars head deli sandwiches selection breakfast and lunch.
The food was great and the staff was awesome!
Best food marketplace ever!
Good and fresh vegetables and fruits in good prices!
My favourite summer food destination of 2010.
If we are cooking mexican food then this is our #1 spot to get all the ingredients.
This place has it all from the freshly made tortillas, guacamole, variety of salsas, produce, and seafood/meats.
The selection is good and they have lots of organic foods for reasonable prices here.
The paradise of food lovers.
The food is amazing.
Then there is the processed food.
(crust more like ht which is a little thicker unlike the earth fare/whole foods thin crust. )
This t&t is not small but i find that fruit section is a bit lacking.
I used to work at tj's, and- shhhhh-  the range of food quality here quite similar.
Cheapest freshest fruit i've seen in toronto and great customer service to boot!
You will then know what food is supposed to taste like.
They also stock more organic items like almond butter, etc that you'd find at whole foods.
It has the basics of what most people would need for your healthy food choices.
They are comparable to whole foods but on a smaller scale.
It's a foodie's heaven.
While i loved looking through their selection of delights, i was not as impressed with their customer service.
However, i don't know a better place to get these types of ingredients so still giving artisanal foods four stars.
If you are a foodie and like to cook, you definitely have to check it out!
The produce and food was displayed very nicely.
The food was so good, and the servings were so generous, and even the hot sauce was perfect.
My friend had some ribs or something, and they were equally delicious.
Deli is subpar, but i'm not a frequent deli customer anyway, so i can overlook it.
Their bakery rocks too, for doughnuts...go early for the freshest and best variety, they are soft and delicious.
Large produce section, bakery, cheeses, spreads, deli and the like.
Hibiscus is another good choice for people who loves healthy food..all vegan is welcome :) it's a small restaurant..very small.
Both the butcher shop and the deli have an abundance of choices to choose from.
Welch's grape juice, big jars of hellman's (best foods to you) mayo, and jars of planter's macadamia nuts.
I do love meat but i often find that vegan restaurants have really tasty food and are very creative.
Two delicious burgers for a buck and some change!
I enjoy the ready to eat section with pastas, chicken, various bowls of food, etc.
You can enjoy that while waiting in line at the restaurant/food stand.
You can also order pizzas, paninis and purchase fruits, veggies and other delicious nutriments.
Both were very delicious and fresh, and the mint tea was refreshing and rejuvenating.
I like the vegetables & fruits i've gotten from there as well as the health drinks.
I love the food selection at this place!
As someone who spent many years "across the pond" i've learned to appreciate good european food.
If you've been to a whole foods anywhere in the world, you understand the concept and their stigma "whole paycheck"...
Their hot salsa is not hot at all and little does whole foods know how important a salsa is!
I would say their products are comparable to whole foods and trader joe's.
If you get a chance, try their deli counter.
Delicious, quick and affordable.
Microwaves shrivel food and make bread weird.
If you want high end exotic food made at home, come here for ingredients.
It has that health food store smell, with aisle after aisle of delicious food.
Like this food lion better than my local food lion the staff is friendly and they are always fully staffed.
It's ginormous and the fresh fruit here is great.
One of my favorite grocery store for healthier food.
This store is always welcoming with seasonal plants or food outside by the entrance.
The soup was just okay for me as it was more on the sweet side, but the crackers were delicious.
They also had a pumpkin bread and pumpkin cookies where were also delicious.
Never see boxes laying around with food items needing to be placed on their shelves.
Best calamaris and the shrimps are very delicious too.
Food is great, service is terrible.
The chiro's and smoothies at the food are delicious and a bargain.
Wheel cake was delicious and warm!
I like spicy food and they have a good range  of flavorable that's warm to spicy but still good flavor.
Except at deli/juice counter.
My organic bar soaps are $1.39 here, or .20 cents less than tutti fruitti or essence of life.
Butcher shop and fish counters are pretty decent as well; although not as fabulous (or expensive) as a whole foods.
Sort of like a whole foods and trader joe's on steroids!
If i can't shop at jenifer street market, i will always shop at festival foods!
Freshly made and great tasting food!
I was immediately greeted by the staff's warm welcomes, along with, the smells of their delicious food!
Orderly shelves, and pretty sanitary food handling practices.
Deli and hot food counters with all the familiar foods that i love.
Food was flavorful, fresh and well prepared.
I randomly came across this little shop getting food from across her shop.
Basically asian fusion, there's a mixture of filipino foods , chinese foods, and thai food.
They have a microwave to heat up your food or they have pizza, sushi, and sandwiches.
Next to the deli, there is a sushi counter.
It's an honest-to-god sushi "deli".
They have oodles of delicious rolls, all made absolutely fresh.
I like trader joes for the variety of items especially organic food.
I enjoy the food samples that are given throughout the store.
I was pleasantly surprised when i walked in and saw that country market had a deli here.
Everything tastes delicious, even goodies that aren't usually my favorite are extraordinarily yummy!
We filled up our basket with various fruits and  veggies for under $20 bucks !
Meat section - fresh meats and seafood with plenty to choose from .
Ive never purchased seafood but i can tell you they have yummy marinated meats great for  grilling .
You can also buy plate specials and typical mexican fast food .
There are 2 hot counters of food to choose from.
1 is international and the other is chinese cooked food.
Unique food items you can't find anywhere else.
I really enjoyed the food here.
It was my first time trying this kind of food and i loved it!
I tried the savory crepe with basil, vegan cheese, tomato, avocado and it was delicious!
They were both delicious!
The huge avocados are 3 for $5 right now and they're super ripe and delicious.
They even have a little restaurant inside where you can order a plate of food and just chill.
Delicious food at great affordable prices!
Great produce if looking for normal stuff, the deli and meat counter are great.
Delicious and super filling soup and salad, creeps are great too.
I adore the fact that this location sells ready to eat foods and made to order sandwiches!
After searching on the web for a bit i came across anything u want delivery service.
The sauce is fantastic also, along with all their other prepared foods.
Of course they had their coffee tasting and food tastings.
Great central las vegas latin food market.
Mexicatessen, meat counter, bakery, tasty prepared foods counter and great quality ingredients for most mexican, central and south american needs.
Cardenas is a mexican market that has a full kitchen, bakery, tortilleria, butcher, and deli, as well as regular groceries.
On this particular day 1/31/16, my love and i came here to grab some food for my brother's birthday lunch.
Lots of fruits and veggies to choose from, and they have a small organic section as well.
This place has food, candy, gifts and....
I really enjoy their seafood.
Always a favorite place to shop for my organic foods and grass-fed beef.
Are you looking for organic food at a good price?
Love the food & folks at trader joe's!
The food is homemade, fresh, and flavorful.
The food was outstanding and tasted similar to my mother's home cooked meals.
While waiting for the hot foods.
All in all great value and good food.
A lot of very diverse selections of food, extremely multi-cultural for a regular grocery store.
They make food very easy to take home and cook already made without the hassle.
Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready.
Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ?
I especially enjoy the selection of refrigerated foods not available at other stores.
The clerks in the hot food section are very nice and friendly.
Lots of spanish oriented food (duh) everyone mostly speaks spanish in the place too, but it's good quality stuff.
I highly recommend their bbq pork and the roast chicken at their food section.
Vegetables are fresh and plenty.
Great selection of prepared foods.
Wish they heated the prepared foods for you.
It was a lemon and fruit cake and absolutely delicious!!
Food quality is amazing and the mandarin orange chicken tasted better then take out chinese.
You definitely find more than just food here.
Sprouts and sunflower bill themselves as a "health food store".
Their prices are pretty reasonable for the most part and the food is pretty fresh.
They also have a cafe selection with a variety of hot food items that you can eat there.
I've never tried the hot foods yet.
I briefly stopped through winco foods this past weekend with the 'rents.
I would have to describe it as a warehouse meets a normal grocery store meets sprouts meets food city.
And finally food city because of the prices.
I was delighted with the selection, diversity, and prices of earl's wines.
The tostadas are extremely delicious although seem a bit pricy for their size.
Good classic comfort food.
It's clean, laid out well and has a large variety of food, including a seafood counter.
They also have a nice meat shop and a seafood section.
They have so many options of different organic food and beverages!
I usually come here for wine because it's affordable and delicious.
Food-wise, they offer a good number of flatbreads.
This is an awesome food shop.
They have great food and reasonable prices.
The deli here is unbelievably good.
I'm not sure if that's for any grocery items in the store or only items from the deli.
The fruit is decent, never bad but not as firm as frys.
Interacting with the customer about the food and engaging and encouraging them.
Produce is always fresh and the bulk foods section rarely out of stock.
The food is amazing the prices are lower and there is so much atmosphere.
Didn't think we'd find anything since we usually eat an organic whole food diet very low in meat.
It allows them to try new foods depending on the class theme and have fun while doing it.
Gifts, food, and a large selection of beers and wines.
And they have reasonable prices on veggies and fruits.
The deli guy is so friendly,and nice.
I'm on a homemade foods kick recently and have been sampling the recipes from the plethora of cooking blogs online.
Fortunately, someone pointed out whole foods to me.
Whole foods is pricey for sure.
For random, organic, good-for-you edible goodies, i heart whole foods!
This store has a huge selection of supplements, teas, essential oils and organic food.
The price is reasonable, and the food tastes great.
My mum (who forced me to eat vegetables for 18 years of my life) is proud.
Having eaten a vegan meal a few days before, i was not at all excited for the food.
Food, service, price, and ambiance are all on the higher end of the restaurant spectrum.
Each food item is properly described for those of us that are not familiar with asian foods/terms.
Teacher's don't have a lot of extra free time for food prep.
Fast food and unhealthy snacks were dominating my life.
Enter my fit foods with an amazingly easy way for me to get convenience and health into my life.
It's worth every penny and the food is good!
I love almost every breakfast food option.
They have a ton of sandwiches, homemade soups, prepared foods and the staff is really friendly.
Great to find a place with great food and great people.
It's nice and spacious and comfortable to shop in - certainly by kensington grocery/health food store standards.
As far as food, shop here for non perishables, dairy, meat, and frozen food.
Quality food at low prices; lower meat prices; tasty fresh produce; very friendly cashiers; healthy food choices.
Fresh food, fresh flowers, great customer service, reasonable prices.
My last two shopping trips i have spent over $200 each time but i got a lot of food !
More food then i would have spending $200 at fry's & safeway with their stupid shoppers card.
The deli and bakery don't impress me and they appear to be overpriced in that area.
I love food city and the great sales in the produce deparnent.
I'm just there for the food (:
Sprouts offers a lot of seasonal fruits and veggies.
I love that you can get "different" food here..not all namebrand...which makes shopping interesting and fun.
Ever since whole foods opened up its doors  my husband and i have been exctatic.
Noah's and the carrot have been great places for us, but nothing comes close to whole foods.
This appears to be the mothership of food city stores here in the phoenix valley.
At the deli counter (tortilleria), i had a chile colorado burrito, and a half pound of shrimp ceviche.
And, the ceviche was fresh, authentic, and absolutely delicious.
Why buy jar salsa when you can get authentic and fresh salsas from the deli counter here?
Fruits n veggies are also reasonable in price.
Some of the food, especially the frozen is hit or miss but overall great healthy options available here.
Their little prepared food/lunch section wasn't open today (a saturday) and looked like it was being remodeled.
Good alternative place to go if you think whole foods is a bit on the expensive side.
Very very cool taproom with light food fare.
Great little place, nice folks, has what you need when cooking asian food.
Inferno wings from the deli.
All around great italian food place to visit.
However where the food falls short, the coffee can pick up the slack.
I used to be a whole foods regular but rarely go there anymore, as whole foods means whole paycheck.
And trader joes has much better foods.
Unlike whole foods that just puts out what they get and the food is hit or miss, mostly bland.
It is so delicious.
The frozen food section has some really great things, the orange chicken and penang chicken are good.
The edemame fried rice is delicious.
They used to have a pumpkin burrito which was so delicious.
The frozen pasta dishes like alfredo are delicious.
Another complaint i have is the food coloring put in foods.
I would rather not have cancer causing dies in foods.
I see the food coloring in salmon, soy chorizo and other things that i won't buy b/c of it.
I only trust food from down south like new zealand and that area.
They are using gmos to give people cancer and they are involved in lowering population levels using the food.
My favourite fruit stand in toronto.
It has every asian product you can possibly think of, plus lots and lots of very yummy food.
It's like costco and whole foods had a baby together .
The bulk food items are the best!
The vegetables are a hit & miss.
They also have a good variety of frozen food, and dried spices, lentils, and even cooking equipment.
I recommend any of their specials- my current favorite is a cheese panini that is delicious.
I love the meals to go and the food is always fresh.
Is deli style (no place to sit...take out only) super spicy and delicious.
Seafood is fresh and inexpensive also.
I'm not a healthfood fanatic, but it works for them also
Always moist and delicious.
This is one of the best health food stores in town.
Great food, great people and exceptional customer service!!!
You can see most of the food through the glass.
Their various salsas r delicious & we love their thick homemade hot tortilla chips.
Therefore, i buy all my food there except 4 the meat.
They gave me my coffee and a number and within a few min my sandwich was delivered to my table.
There were many interesting deli type foods to buy.
Atmosphere = 7  service = 8  food = 9
I go here and fry's for food.
Enormous store with lots of free samples of tasty food.
Produce such as fruits and veggies are what i come here for.
Some stuff granted will be pricey but hey that's where ever you go to food shop.
Last week they served these delicious caramelized onion & rosemary scones that appealed to my fancy tastebuds.
They have a good deli and usually a good selection of fresh food and produce.
I was amazed at the great taste in the food here.
Some may say they are overpriced but the quality of food is worth it.
I highly recommend this grocery store it has great options, fresh food and amazing quality from around the world.
This is the best place to shop for produce, fresh tortillas, and authentic mexican food.
It is a fabulous collection of art, home decor, food items, cards and just plain fun.
Fresh produce, perfectly cut meats, deli, in-house bakery and gelato!
Prices are on point and the food is typically fresh!
I could not have picked better than festival foods.
Both the chicken and the wedges were nicely seasoned and delightful.
My only regret is that we don't have a festival foods in ma.
When i come back for epic training in june, i'm looking forward to visiting festival foods again.
If you went too late there wasn't much left in the way of prepared foods.
When i feel the markup at whole foods is unreasonable for some items, i buy those here.
;) who said dogs shouldn't eat good food?
This market is a el jefe of all food markets relative to hispanic food!
I'm talking about the over abundance of delicious fresh tortillas, salsas- red, green, guacamole!
You have all the typical items from any other food market, meats, vegetables, dairy etc...
Fresh made horchata, jamaica- friggin delicious!!
The sandwiches are delicious (especially the chicken salad).
Take out, delivery and in restaurant.
If your out of delivery range sometimes extra couple of dollars they deliver.
We had the chicken pot pies and they were delicious.
You know that feeling when you have 10 things in your cart at whole foods and end up paying $200?!?
Best place to get fresh fruits and veggies.
Ive died and gone to foodie heaven.
Besides the food, they have an amazing selection of wine and specialty beers.
High quality produce, deli & butcher shop.
Once inside the first thing you see is a food menu of sandwiches, flatbreads, salads and such.
The reubans were delightful and did not take too long.
They have a huge selection of food and beverages.
They even include some fruit if you are super health conscious.
Food is on point.
- boar's head at the deli- check!
Love the food here!
Very sweet and delicous.
They were delicious and definitely some of the best tacos i've had in the area.
Really enjoy the hot food, the sales and the fresh products they have.
They have korean food (tons of kim chee!
Make sure you get a number for the butcher counter and deli/cheese counter.
Only thing missing is live seafood.
They also have a food to go counter, and it's always packed.
I have yet to try the food there.
I love winco for their fresh produce, deli, meat, bakery, and bulk bins.
Delicious bacon, egg and cheese on a mancini's roll.
Deli meats are very affordable and top quality!
My husband and i went there for lunch and it was delicious.
It's your typical food city, with rock bottom prices.
Oh delicious queso fresco and about six different kinds of crema.
Also, the deli person was awesome.
Ex: i bought a bag of all natural sweet potato chips here for about a dollar less than whole foods.
I also love the pub sandwich from the deli.
I would call it a cheaper whole foods.
Secondly, the deli section!
The food is good but the prices are way too high.
Been trying the soups there at their deli.
My go to foods are they $3.50 spicy banh mi which i often buy a day old for $3.00.
It's a delicious pastry that i've only seen here.
The food court area is always well stocked.
Lots of fruit and veggies, bulk items, healthy food.
We come here for vitamins, food, and beauty products.
What got me is that their seafood area had ahi poke!
The food is great.
The meat is fresh and all the food is fresh.
My dog really likes the holistic dog food.
I also find the marinated packaged carne asada and korean bolgogi pretty delicious.
Much cheaper than whole foods!
The seafood selection is not that great but the beef selection is good.
I like their deli items and bread selection.
I always end up buying something new and interesting whether it's a new vitamin/mineral, oils, lotions, snacks, wine or food!
I wish they had a better seafood selection and the place could be a little cleaner.
Where in the world can you get these prices except for food city.
Coffee is always fresh, donuts and bfast foods always plentiful and fresh.
For 20 bucks i got 60 bucks worth of food.
Very affordable and delicious samosas.
The girl emily at the deli did a great job at cutting my fruit without any complaints.
More selection in the vegetable section.
The fuji apples are great quality and also some of their fruits are fantastic.
Plus t&t has so many variety of asian culture food!!!
Over all, they are clean, the food is good, and the place is efficient!
Humming right along with the seasons, whatever fruit or veggie is in its prime, you'll find it right up front.
They also have a lot of exotic fruits to choose from which is cool.
They also have a killer flatbread pizza, and a good fruit/cheese tray.
You can buy korean fast-food like kimbab and other groceries here.
I'm a huge 'foodie" and couldn't wait.
(drakes, wise,...) the international food isle is better than albertsons, vons, smiths.
I specially love thier brand foods-all natural, no chemicals or preservatives and amazing flavors.
They have so many different types of health foods, i always find myself in this store longer than planned.
Their prepared food section is better than a food court and similar to a quick service restaurant on spadina.
I really appreciate the selection of organic foods and produce.
They also have a nice selection of grass fed beef and nitrate free deli meats.
There is usually some sample for food (or wine on weekends).
Not just packed products but fresh food too (seafood, meat, fruits, vegetables, etc.)
I've never been drunk enough to get food that's rolling on the grill.
The food is amazing here especially the one i tried gyro.
Lovely european environment, delicious food, professional staff, and an overall happening spot for a saturday/sunday afternoon.
But when we moved to las vegas and i was told about artisanal foods, i had to go.
When i got there brett took the time to explain a lot of different caviars, foods, etc.
He's a passionate guy for sure and only sources the best food from around the world.
Anyone know what the guidelines are for this type of stuff??
I took it for granted, but when i wanted wine, cheese cake, seafood or yogurt it was off to tj.
They sell flowers, fruits and vegetables grown for the locals and not plastic versions for shipping.
Other blocks have entertainment, food, crafts and a few commercial stalls that sell unique products.
No where else can i find the selection of fresh flowers, two buck chuck, or frozen seafood.
Thanks for making such delicious products!
A variety of organic and vegan food.
If you're trying to eat healthy foods, sprouts should be on your list of places to shop!
I didn't know what to expect but it is a "grocery store" that serves food, drinks, and freshly made smoothies.
The store part as per made food items, an assortment of drinks, and a small charcuterie bar.
You go to the up to the counter to order and then they bring the food out to you.
After deciding to go vegan, fry's food was no longer good enough for our needs (not enough vegan options).
Fresh food, good deals, and a fun place.
Right down the street from my house and so easy to pop in and get good food.
Why are fast food joints still in business anywhere near this awesome place.
Food is great and the staff is super friendly.
I got my food on a lovely dish you would get visiting someone's house.
On to the food.
The food menu is small but solid (you can go half/half on the cheese and charcuterie boards).
The biscuits are super crumbly but delicious!
Delicious food and great variety.
Soul food at its finest!
A poor man's whole foods.....i would beg to differ.
Headed over to "healthy" foods and found that they sold some onnit supplements..check.
Sadly nobody had any more in stock  but she let us know the next delivery will be on wednesday 12/24/14.
It is most similar to a whole foods or a trader joe's.
I would recommend anything u want delivery service very highly.
The staff at desert mission food bank was extremely friendly.
I look forward to volunteering at the desert mission food bank on november 1st.
Definitely check it out and enjoy some of the best bakes and food in the area.
Delicious samples and friendly customer service.
Awesome mochi selection and fresh food made there.
This place is super cute and the food is delicious.
I had a breakfast sandwich and coffee and both were made with fresh ingredients and were very delicious.
They also have a deli counter with prices that are about spot-on with the grocery stores.
The food they offer here is great.
You can get some great dinners from their frozen food selection.
They also offer plenty of other things, such as produce, wine, cheese, health foods, and various other food products.
Love the quality of the food.
It is always clean, staff is always friendly and the food is always great looking.
The price was about $10 for a delicious lunch.
They have a great deli counter that has fresh made sandwiches.
The hot deli section has everything from knishes, to pizzas, crab cakes, and even cincy-style chili.
Beautiful salads in this deli.
Considering the store is not huge in comparison to whole foods, they did carry quite a few products.
The crepe on the other hand was delicious!
The deli counter serves boards head products, and has a nice variety of soups.
There close out fruits and vegetables are so affordable, i can eat them none stop.
Believe the hype: this is easily the best spot for fruits and veggies in toronto.
With the remodeling came an expanded deli/pizza area, flower/gift area, and one area that is still under construction.
They have items you wouldn't find at food lion like hibiscus, tamarind, fresh aloe, many fresh herbs and more.
This small neighborhood market has the best selection of fresh produce, fruits and imported goods.
Colin at the deli is great!!
It is clean and the quality of fresh food is on the high end.
Pro- food court serves up some awesome food.
Also, i wish they sold less processed food.
Great food, variety is amazing.
I always get my fresh produce here and their seafood sales are not bad too.
Great food,  ambiance, wifi and very friendly people.
Today we decided to try out the food court area.
Can't beat their deli selection as well as the fish and meat department.
20 minutes later i had my food, it was still hot.
Authentic chinese food mixed with other international cuisine.
Plenty of prepared food from which to choose.
The fruits and vegetable departments are extensive.
Large seafood section also.
They also have a real fruit smoothie shop.
I'm a fan of this supermarket!i love their prepared food section.
It doesn't taste bland like the prepared section in a sobeys or lobaws...whole foods is tasty!
The food is always fresh and made to order.
Fabulous selection of drinks, wines, cheeses, deli items...
I actually prefer to be checked out with him this place reminds me of a less snobby whole foods.
From veggies and fruits to meats/chicken and fish.
Love the great selection in foods and prices.
I am not in vegas and needed some supplies delivered to my boss while he was at a conference.
Bacalao, ortiz tuna, insanely delicious chocolate, spices, coffee, olives.
If you're a foodie, this is a treasure.
I have been a customer for a little over a year the staff is great and the food is amazing.
The store is clean, well designed and their produce, deli, and meat can't be beat.
I've never been to a food city and after coming here, i have no need to go.
Their appetizers were delicious and were a compliment to their beers on tap.
You will find an outstanding deli, great hot foods & sandwiches.
I have come here once and had a great food experience.
It's way too cheap to complain about anything, and the food quality is great, everything is fresh.
Tacos, tamales, shrimp cocktail, ribs..... dios mio, es delicioso!!!!!!
Really clean big place with a good selection of whole and organic foods.
We finally decided on their hot food bar.
But compared to the quality of the food/fruits/veggies in albertsons or sprouts or smiths, cardenas lags behind by far.
Was in the deli isle today looking for something good to eat.
The lady behind the deli counter was really nice!
The bashas family which ones all the food cities should install similar cart returns to winco.
Their wine selection is nice and varied, and they have some great foods available.
If you want fancy then go to whole foods or fresh market.
Wow, this is food heaven!
Much of their frozen foods are made locally which is nice.
You can also get fresh cheap seafood, like blue crab, lobster and shrimp.
Great choice of fruits and veggies, as well as several pre-made dishes if you are not a cook too!
Friendly staff unique inventive food.
Review is only for fengfit...the line of plant-based food she sells.
There is a big deli, bakery, and meat counter to individualize your shopping.
Canadian version of whole foods (wfs)- had me intrigued.
Great option coming from a natural food market as there's nothing like it.
Prices are comparable with whole foods most items are around the same price as far as regular prices go.
Hot bar- again little to offer- food preselected and prepared for you.
The food is also on the heavier side (lasagna's, samosa's, mash etc).
I personally love the wfs hot and cold food bar and by far rivals all others.
Smoothie bar- frozen fruit, protein and greens powders, fresh greens, and use sweeteners like dates or bananas.
Meats, breads, produce, fruits are beautifully arranged in their own separate areas.
I do have to say i like their veggie bar that's over in the deli area.
I wouldn't come if i wanted to buy vegetables.
Nice little selection of goods, cheeses, fruit, veggies, meat and fish as well as a great dessert case.
Found a real deli in vegas.
Quirky helpful staff, electric customers and good prices for good food, and grocery carts for the kids.
The food and dessert here is both unique and delicious!
Very reasonable prices for amazing food, i highly recommend this place, and they even do deliveries and party trays!
Taco bar, another food bar (including soups), juice bar, and ice cream.
Delicious salsa, sauces, and spices.
Earth fare is our newest healthy food grocery store in fairlawn.
The prices are rather steep, but you can pretty much expect that when it comes to "health food".
The review is only for the food counter/cafe inside the store.
I like it here, more for the rows of vitamins, lotions, herbals, homeopathic, than the food.
I recommend this store to everyone, even if you don't cook mexican food often and don't speak spanish.
You think there is something wrong with the signs, because you are getting a huge bag of fruits, tomatoes, etc.
I love that this store encourages me to branch out and try new foods.
- the salsa/deli area is really good.
- restaurant - i have only eaten here twice, but both times, we enjoyed the food.
(sweetened water with fruit, flavors like watermelon, for those not familiar with them.)
Cardenas market, open more registers and speed up the process for coding fruits/vegetables!
The produce prices are amazing and the fresh baked goods are delicious!
Whatever you need, they have it- and it's probably responsibly sourced and delicious.
I shop here frequently for my fruits and veggies, especially when i'm cooking for a crowd.
Food is great for a quick snack and the location is super convenient.
There's meat, produce, cheese, asian food section, non-alcoholic beer section, household items, otc medicine, and personal care items.
They have a nice variety of snacks and healthy foods.
Yelp 365 challenge-(117/365) "xxx food porn"
Recently tried out their food court.
Amazing meat at a great price and their veggies and fruit are always fresh!
Talking about my most groceries where i shop,  "smith's food and drug stores" are the ones!
These include the meats, deli, beer, and frozen foods.
There's a lot of competition in this space with several local grocers but publix continues to deliver!
Yesterday, we ordered from the deli for a few fresh side dishes, and entered into a nice conversation about children.
They range from about $3.99 to $6.99, from simple to salmon and seasonal delights.
Very delicious and the service has always been remarkable!
But the deli rep warmed up a small batch for us.
The young man who made it is definitely a food artist.
Of course, they do not always have best fruits and vegetables and a lot of them have a tag "mexico".
Mexico has a great climate and they can definitely grow tasty, pesticide free fruits and vegetables.
I guess, the store has to identify organic food somehow, but these extremely sticky labels are not a good idea.
The fruit selection had always been great.
The stuffed shells are also delicious.
They are kind of like whole foods imho without the prices.
Very affordable and much healthier then eating junk food at night which is the only thing open at midnight.
They have a variety of breads, ice cream and the deli is delish.
They have a great selection of healthy frozen foods, too.
This is my go to place for food shopping and craft beer, wine and liquor.
Best grocery store in the valley for fresh vegetables.
Ademas la comida es deliciosa.
What a great service for deliveries in town.
I love that the food carried in sprouts is mostly organic and clean.
The salad was flavourful and delicious; the soup/cracker was complimentary and fantastic.
With a full deli, they also offer a plethora of meats and gourmet cheeses for whatever you crave.
They also have pupusas and churros and all things wonderful in this low-key latin food mart.
I highly recommend the hot food bar and the aqua frescas - the selections vary daily.
Apparently i messed with his fruit pyramid by picking the wrong ones.
The deli has boars head meat at great price.
Just think of it as a balanced diet, eat your fruits and veggies and dessert is a must.
Nice, colorful array of fresh fruits and vegetables not to mention great cuts of horomone free/antibiotic free meats.
I took a passion fruit smoothie with frubo, and it was delicious!
They have a wide variety of fresh fruit & vegetables.
You'll just have to look very carefully at the prices and before you actually buy the food.
Although whole foods is organic sprouts is all about organic and a little cheaper than whole foods too.
All departments are present (save a starbucks), including the salad bar, specialty cheese shop, and full service fresh foods market.
Craft is my go to spot in charlotte for food and beer.
And it's good food at that!
The food consists of cheese and charcuterie plates, local loaf pretzels and mustard, flat breads, and piadina (sandwiches).
Much needed exercise i guess since i end up buying a lot of food from here.
I never got sick from their food - i think my stomach is a tank sometimes.
The food is fresh,  affordable and there is never a short supply.
A must stop pretty much everytime i'm food shopping in monroeville.
I go to loblaws for the salads and done-in food.
The dine-in food closes 30 minutes before the store closes.
A nice addition to my lessening circle of healthier food choices.
They have high quality fresh produce and also offer processed/ready food, dairy, meats and natural bath/beauty products.
Sunflower market also has a decent section of organic foods.
Amaranth is a well run business focused on the health food segment of the market.
Great food and very unique beer selection.
The food always tastes very fresh.
The cheese and fruit boards are delicious as well as their flatbread pizzas.
Boar's head deli meats.
All their take and bake selections are delicious.
Hands down the best organic food store i've ever been to.
4) they carry a wide range of products from prepared foods, groceries, cleaning supplies, baby supplies to vitamins.
They have veggies or fruit for 98 cents....yes, that's what i said....98 cents!
I once purchansed two weeks worth of food for $35 at fresh and easy.
Mmmmm that fuji apple was delicious!
Well, let's make a stop since i need to do a food shop anyway.
The seafood looked great.
My grandparents all were raised on farms and still survive on their own grown and raised food.
Such high quality and good tasting items at the deli counter.
The organic food section is very impressive.
Excellente variété des fruits et légumes bio et/ou locaux frais à des bons prix.
They also have wine, small deli & bakery.
The market is clean and i love the selections of healthy and yummy foods they have to offer.
Local eggs, local dairy, local meats, local fruits and veg.
I'm so sad  it's good food and prices.
There seems to be a lot more options for fresh meat, seafood, and poultry.
I ended up buying the mini bottle and the rum was delicious!
There are always a ton of sale on fruits and/or veggies.
The festival is held a couple blocks away & includes beer tasting, live music & food trucks.
They will give you a number-you put on table and once food ready they will bring it to you.
Good thing i ordered 2 of the stiegl grapefruit radler, the pumpkin and tangerine was not sweet enough for me.
Their prices are on par with t&t and foody-mart.
They have an extensive hot food table.
Their dim sum is very good and they offer some selections in their frozen food section.
Other hot food selections are average but the bbq duck is not recommended.
Excellent selection of food and a well laid out store.
And believe it or not, the food is amazing as well!
As my fiance is from bosnia, we frequent any store that sells european foods.
Anyone who has had to shop for european foods will tell you that consistency is a nightmare.
Now the italian store also has deli items, although we've never purchased any.
If you're looking for european or italian foods, the italian store should be your first stop!
I go here to buy cheese, fresh fruit, and frozen fruit.
The fresh fruit selection is excellent.
They have bags of frozen fruits (and vegetables).
A good place to get fruit for pie or smoothies when fresh is not available.
I just stick with the cheese and fruit.
I love the prepared foods.
My boyfriend can eat boy foods and i can eat normal food  at the same table.
As a previous reviewer mentioned, "glazier's is costco, mariana's, lee's, whole foods, and international marketplace all rolled into one."
Before i read that, i thought, "fresh and easy and whole foods rolled into one."
That said, this is a very decent whole foods.
They basically have everything asian food related.
Living in swansea, we have two major grocery stores (and a number of mom and pop veggie and fruit marts).
Always a fruit deal like 6 lbs of oranges for 99 cents.
Beyond the amazing display of fruits and veggies, this place offers a lot of vegetarian and vegan option.
The food was awesome--great bang for your buck.
All the korean food staples are here.
This store, although smaller than the others, has a surprisingly large variety of foods.
The seafood, meat, and cashier employees were all very attentive and provided good service.
Compact, yet respectable variety of foods.
.great variety of organic foods
I especially like the produce and the bulk foods.
I ordered a bottle of ciroc peach to be delivered.
Cool & simple is a frozen food shop where you can find everything in the freezer.
The food was presented with a fun flourish of avocado and zucchini.
Yummy feta, baklava, and a great assortment of lots of other foods, like olive oil, jam, and cookies.
There are so many delicious toppings so be careful cause it adds up!
The food is great; both hot and cold foods.
Unfortunately, i cant say the same for their deli workers.
They also are always introducing new fruits that i've never heard of... like seckel pears!
Large selection of organic produce and to-go foods - sushi, sandwiches, and warm meals like pasta, potatoes and chicken.
We had way over 300 bucks worth of food and a girl named ashley rang us up in isle nine.
I'll take the delicious 'just made for me' wheel cake thank you very much!
The flavour though wasn't as strong or as delicious as the cheesecake one.
Food is always fresh and the cakes and baked goods are also good
The hot foods and deli sections are also top-notch, but mostly i'm obsessed with the pizza dough.
Only $3.99 and i got a huge, delicious sandwich that was made super quick!
Meats: they really do have the best seafood in town.
My husband and i eat seafood most of the week.
I've always been able to find what i need here as far as food is concerned.
I hardly ever buy non-food items at winco, since most of the time it is cheaper at walmart.
Fruit usually isn't cheaper, but the veggies are.
The fresh rolls were great with the boar's head deli meats to make your own sandwiches.
Trader joe's has a great selection of fairly priced foods.
You can smell the deliciousness from down the street!
Lots of variety, clean, the meat and seafood look like they're good quality.
My friend and i were mostly browsing, but i was very impressed by the quality of the food.
Very interesting selection of fresh fish and sea food, cooked however you choose.
They have make your own trail mix station, salad bar, hot food bar.
The nanaimo peanut butter pie was delish - so many delicous flavors molded into one decadent and beautiful presentation.
Reid's fine foods is a wonderful place to eat and pickup a few groceries.
I remember that i had some really good food.
The deli here is large and we've gotten a few salads for bbqs that were pretty good.
Better than most grocery delis.
I've stopped in for quick things like chips, hummus (that eves brand is delicious!)
Definitely gourmet food and excellent service.
Brett and the team at artisinal foods had a spread of insects for us to munch on.
The food section is always enticing and there is usually something there that you just have to buy.
Food is simple, but delicious!
They're located in the deli department and they make almost everything to order.
The food has all of the quality of other fantastic eats in pittsburgh with none of the pretentiousness surrounding it.
The in store fresh waters and prepared food sections are better than expected, but expect to wait.
The big carrot natural food market is my favourite place to shop for organic groceries and produce.
Fruit & veggies are usually just so so at most grocery stores.
I love the fruit !!
The deli is amazing too and i really like the fresh pasta.
There's a lady who greets you with a warm smile and she gets pretty excited about korean food.
Great food, great atmosphere, friendly staff.
The food is solid.
The produce is usually high-quality, although as some have mentioned there is an occasional fruit fly outbreak.
That happens with fresh, ripe fruit.
One of the perks is the discounted food.
The vegetarian and gluten-free menu is simple yet delivers variety (there are a few vegan options as well).
Our order:   surprises are great when it comes to birthday presents, but not when it comes to food.
It is a very unique location, great food and great coffee.
Well lets see... sprouts has an abundance of fruits and vegetables.
Delicious sandwiches and paninis.
The reason for 5 is the service at their deli.
I ordered a few sandwich trays at their deli for a baby shower.
This recently opened store is a fruit-lovers' paradise!
It's not just good for fruit, there are lots of vegetables.
I also got a small side of greek pasta salad - delicious.
Some highlights are the bakery, the cheese counter and the ready-made foods.
The food is made to order and i've been pretty pleased with the taste and freshness.
How could i not have known about this organic/natural food market earlier??
(to put it bluntly, it's a canadian version of whole foods.)
The mississauga location is quite large, complete with a coffee/tea bar, bakery section, hot foods bar, body care section, etc.
I went to sprouts the other night to pick up some salmon and a couple of items at the deli.
Thank you tjs for feeding us so well and being such a fun and delicious and affordable place to shop.
It's easy to find crackers with flaxseed, four or more flavors of hummus, and frozen vegetables with balsamic glaze.
Their cooked food is really good and if you haven't trued their mom's fried chicken, you are missing out!
One comment is that i really hope they don't waste food after it's been out for s few days.
Great small food plates with a wide variety on tap, including an even larger variety of bottles for purchase.
Delicious and creative sweet shop!
Boars head deli meats.
There is a great selection of cheese, deli meats, frozen pizza.
Really cool place for amazing food , great service and specialty food items.
Overall, the beers, food and staff were great.
This is the best food in kensington.
They have new food stations, with wonderful food.
Great concept- deli/bakery/coffee shop/fast casual restaurant/beer and wine bottle shop.
The deli is crazy big and being able to test the flavor of something before buying is great.
- breaded and deep fried scallops - huge tender scallops with a delicious breading.
Make sure to ask for the complementary bread to soak up the delicious sauce.
- salad - fresh and delicious.
I enjoy coming to this smith's and love their deli.
Good work whole foods!
The meat counter and prepared foods area is expansive compared to the other store as well.
The deli is amazing - always has something delish ready to go.
Even as more of a health food admirer as compared to nut, this is the place to go.
Deli counter, in-house bakery, pharmacy, us bank, and starbucks.
I first came here to see if i could grab their awesome deals on fruits and vegetables.
This place also as amazing food to go.
Food and service are always terrific.
The hot food section is massive and has canadian food and a wide array of asian food as well.
This is literally a food court within a grocery store.
I still prefer fresh and easy or whole foods..
Of course i couldn't finish it all, but it was so delicious.
A lifetime membership fee at west end food coop is a reasonable $5.
I wish all neighbourhoods in this city had a little food hub like this one.
We were the only customers for dine-in lunch and it took longer than expected for our food.
The food was good but this is more of a market and place to purchase delicious bread.
I like when vegetables and fruits are under a dollar a lb or cheaper than frys/trader joe's prices.
I then went to the frozen section to buy frozen vegetables.
I was really impressed by the variety of seafood that they stock.
They also have a substantial deli area with a broad range of more niche cheeses.
Amaranth whole foods market is a mammoth of a whole foods store.
It's big, it's easy to get to, and it carries all the natural and organic foods i've ever needed.
Awhile back i needed to buy a bunch of natural/whole foods and amaranth came highly recommended.
It's by far one of the best whole food stores in the city.
I should have come by canbe foods a year ago... (yay!
Lots of food already made that you can buy.
Good selection of meats and seafood.
Oh, and as for quality of the food itself, well...
This place has great food and and great service with a smile.
Must try the food.
No more going up front to the cashier to pay for your food...aloha!!!
All of my recent reviews talk about my weird food allergies.
Otherwise i would have to go to county market, meijer, and schnucks to try and get all of my food.
All the bulk food is cheaper than anywhere else.
Finally i can have flavored food without anaphylactic shock from the alcohol at a good price!
No, you dream of glazier's food marketplace.
It has the price point of smith's without the chance of hepatitis or food poisoning.
Seafood section, deli, butcher, bakery, pizza place, fresh sushi, and on and on.
The sushi is better than whole foods or trader joe's and a much better price.
They also import baked breads, cheesecakes from carnegie deli and other great items from quality vendors.
The fruit and vegetable selection is excellent, it is cheap and it is fresh.
If you like good food.
If you like different foods.
Plenty of exotic fruits and vegetables.
But what i really liked is the fresh foods sections.
A lot of the fresh fruit is pre-cut, pre-made variety of salads, and a lot pre-made dish options.
Produce, meats, cheeses, deli, prepared foods, bakery and wines??
I love perusing their deli area for unique cheeses and their produce for fruits and veggies that don't suck.
I also love the bakery section and the prepared foods.
Worth a trip a lone for the sampling and the prepared foods, you guys.
A great cafe with delicious coffee and incredible breakfast sandwiches that are fresh and made to order.
We are delighted to make this our neighborhood go-to and have quickly become regulars.
Bloor fruit market aka manning market is the best!
They literally have all the fresh fruit and veg a person could ask for at such reasonable prices.
I love walking around supermarket so i had a great time exploring all the food & products they offer here!
I also tried their black bean sauce noodles at the food court and it was delicious!
First time at artisanal foods and was super friendly and knowledgeable.
This bashas has the best daily food in the deli area;  soups, sandwiches, pizza and different entrees daily.
Very friendly people and not too busy to get quick food in 20-30 minutes be done!
I have tried fresh fruit (stone fruit, berries, grapes, melon, apples, etc.
Working in food service in college, i have to give a nod to their food safety as well.
I love their aged cheddar- creamy, strong and delicious.
They stock many local fruits and vegetables, and i know they will last more than a day or two.
Kind of like walking into a trader joe's or whole foods, but without the $$$$ that goes with it.
They don't seem to understand, that folks passed several other soul-food restaurants to get to theirs.
Their "food court" is amazing, just try their beans and rice and you'll understand... lots of students and locals abound.
I now make delicious, healthy smoothies daily that i can take with me to work.
Bomb food, catfish is amazing!
My favourite, most frequented area of the store would have to be the prepared food section.
They sport a large variety of prepared foods adjacent to a great deli and cheese counter.
Fresh meat, fresh deli service, olive bar, organic fruits and veggies and meats.
I'm obsessed with their superfruit breakfast muffin.
Great variety of beer and the food is really good.
I have started going to local farmers markets on saturday to get my fresh fruits and veggies.
I never use the deli.
Great local store, the prepared food, soups and sandwiches in the back are amazing.
Great, fresh, produce, seafood, and meats, and amazing bakery and bread!
If you haven't tried it yet, here's some deliciousness i suggest:  boards head custom subs!!
Turkey, italian, and the cuban with a touch of honey butter are delic!
Deli fresh pizza- this is a new one i've tried in the deli area.
We were in search of foie gras and did we ever hit the jackpot by discovering artisanal foods.
A small shop located near the airport that basically has every high end foodie flavor that you can imagine.
There is a prepared hot food section at the rear of the store that is also inexpensive.
Food prices are low, produce is wonderful and they have a great food bar to eat from!
Also some veggies can be slightly more expensive than at bestco or food basics.
It's spacious and has a very whole foods feel as soon as you walk in.
Whole foods maybe represents the monster of this format, so it's great to find a smaller format.
They have a very good selection of bulk foods, and a huge meat dept.
This store has great healthy options & i prefer it over whole foods.
Oh, and it was delicious.
A great variety of natural health food products located in the heart of greek town!
So many gourmet quality foods with affordable prices.
My daughter had a dip of brown butter ice cream she said it was delicious!
The fruit and vegetable,   meat and cheese displays are gorgeous.
Sprouts features a bakery and deli section as well as a pharmaceutical section.
No food  products samples available as trader joe offers.
I appreciate the fresh produce and deli options.
I'd seen these wheel cakes at a food event awhile back, wanted to give them a try.
I would've preferred a creamier taste, but it was still delicious!
They were on pointe with everything and delivered plus had a great price point!
; the mac&cheese was very creamy and delicious.
Best soul food i've had in las vegas.
I love placing my order on line and picking up next weeks food.
Caution: check the expiration dates on the food and make sure you pick appropriately.
This location delivers just like any other total wine i have been to.
Being able to have a fun surprise delivered right to the guys all the way from denver was remarkable!
Plus, they wrote them the silly note that i asked for, and delivered it right to the room.
The food was so fresh, delicious and beautifully prepared.
A good selection of organic foods.
I love their many food options.
They have a great build your own pasta option... delicious!
Good food and great prices !
The staff is friendly and the food is good.
We didnt eat anything but the whole entire place smelled of delish flatbread pizza.
This is not ordinary unhealthy or fast food place.
The food is great, fresh meat, fresh deserts, and fresh dairy.
You can come here either to shop for great armenian/russian food, or just get a bite to eat!
But you can always find excellent food and often at bargain prices.
Foodmaxx will have competition for where to buy apples and ranch dressing at 230 in the morning.
Their snack selection is top notch, with a variety of chips and crackers that would make any food lover happy.
I also appreciate the food samples they provide free of charge, which certainly add to the shopping experience.
Awesome store with great, healthy foods, some of which you can't find in many other places.
But it is quality food, so that's understandable.
I recommend that you out this new location at the promenade lots of delicious cuts and very good quality.
Reasonably priced fruits and vegetables, even organic stuff too!
I spent about $20 but definitely have enough food for a week.
But lets get down to why we came, the deli.
Great staff, great food, great atmosphere.
Hibiscus delivers on all counts with super friendly service and phenomenal food.
Tj's is my favorite place to buy food-groceries, snacks, essentials-they have it all.
Their food is non-gmo and made with quality, healthy ingredients.
The variety of fruits and vegetables, which includes many unknown and mysterious ones is simply amazing.
Where can you get hot, well cooked comfort food at this price?
Nothing beats their prepared food for a self catered party!
Not to mention the great fruit cake that they have and it comes with a reasonable price!
It's so delicious we always come back for it.
Each dish was familiar and delicious.
Mmmm if you want a nice seafood meal, go here!
Try it out; if you like seafood i'm sure you'll be pleased with the food!
Best fruit in the city, hands down.
Havent tried the deli or hot foods but i'm sure they're wonderful.
There were 7 of us and we were all thrilled with the great food.
Thanks for bringing back the corner market with fresh foods and great prices.
It's big, clean, has tons and tons of inventory of all sorts of asian (mostly chinese) food stuff.
It's almost like a wholefoods, except instead of health food stuff you have asian food stuff.
The prices are pretty good although pricier than what you would find at older, dirtier, shadier looking asian food stores.
There is a huge selection of natural foods, great quality of local produce, plus so much more.
So i googled delivery services and found this company.
Last point to note, all this deliciousness came at an affordable price tag of $30 before tips.
I love buying their seasonal items so delicious!
The also have a nice food menu as well.
The vegetables and fruits are always fresh (unless it's on sale).
I haven't tried the food court menus yet but the food smells so good.
I've seen some free food sampling stands around the store.
When my friend and i first walked in i was blown away by it's amazing scents of delicious foods!
I am lucky enough to live 5 minutes away from this winco foods store.
Some of the freshest fruits and vegetables you have ever seen.
I also love their olive bar, deli, ready to bake pizza, gelato bar, weekly specials, steak night, etc.
Every time the food has been great, better than most stand alone mexican restaurants in town.
If you want good food for a reasonable price give them a try.
Delightful place to shop!
We decided to go here since my friend was needing some gluten-free food due to her diet.
The take out prepared food is great.
They sell foods from all the asian regions.
Fresh seafood and butcher counter.
Big frozen meat and seafood section.
Probably the best seafood i've ever had.
The calamari, the mussels, the fish...everything was so delicious.
But man, the food is just amazing and makes it totally worth it.
Each time i go to pick up food items, i have to make sure to hit the taqueria.
Getting a fruit drink or a bottled coke is a must.
There are several options to go with for the fruit flavored drink.
The people are nice, the food is excellent  and the price is right.
This little hangout in the southend is a great place to meet friends after work for a beer or food.
Food looked ok, but venue is great - love the outdoor seating where people can bring their dogs.
Got lamb racks to bake in the oven, turned out juicy, delicious and superbly tender.
Left, less $186, but came up on same tasty food!
Authentic hole in the wall place, with little to no atmosphere, but the food makes up for it.
The meat is especially tender and delicious.
Very prompt service wide veriety and the food court is amazing...very clean as well.
I love the fact that they promote environmentalism and they use good quality food.
They're adding more latin flavour to this place with "stations" of different latin and south american foods.
They have a great hot food selection as well those (frequent) times i am too lazy to cook.
I think that the best way to describe it is a latin american food court.
I've seen at least five different "street food" vendors in here on my various visits.
Also, most of the food is made to order in a relaxed, disorganized way.
To me it looks and tastes a bit like an english muffin, but soft and fluffy and delicious.
The bakery department makes delicious cupcakes that are adorable.
Harvest market can be described as a smaller version of whole foods.
They feature different ice cream novelties at times that are really delicious.
The organic bananas are delicious and very reasonably priced.
This grocery store's closer to me than whole foods.
Someone else said, "fresh and easy meets whole foods."
They also have a super bakery, gelateria, coffee counter, deli, and meat/seafood section.
We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and fruit, granola and berries.
The jojos were as they were the first time but the wings were delicious!
They sell fresh made meat pies and great value for fresh unique food.
The coffee is also delicious, and sitting by the window on a spring day after a long walk is marvelous.
), the selection of healthy, organic, and gluten free foods is excellent.
Overall, absolutely pleased with my visit today and the quality of the food.
Thanks whole foods for being consistent and awesome.
All of the seafood is charged by weight and cooked without an extra fee.
Everything was really really delicious (except the rice was quite plain, but worked with the baked fish).
The vast array of selection for different types of flour, sugar, candies, chocolates, nuts, dried fruits, tea,  etc.
A great variety of organic toiletries but also organic food.
The diversity of grocery foods along with unique items will blow you away.
The food, especially the french toast, is great!!
Great food, service and company.
In fact, there's no slogan, proselytizing, etc associated with this place: just wonderful, joyful food.
I love el gordo, and their new, ish, delicious arepas!
It's like a corn-style english muffin (delicious!)
Stuffed with amazing, delicious things.
The others (chicken and avocado, especially) look great but i am pretty committed to this delicious combo.
A nice little healthfood store that i frequent while in montreal.
They have hard to find items, plenty of gluten free, a nice selection of fresh veggies and fruits.
No bulk foods though.
Simply put this is an easy to get to grocery store that supplies your basic needs in food.
I think the only other place i've seen this is in whole foods.
The only thing i didn't like was that there was a small amount of organic/gluten free foods.
There was a small section called "health foods" that had a gluten free granola bars and cookies, but that's it.
And the standards of whole foods are great.
Something about conventional food makes you just shovel it in.
Same with a burger from whole foods.
Sometimes the food is great.
You really must visit the food court.
Prices are great, food is greater.
Chemical free is definitely a step in the right direction, making it easier for people to make, healthier foods choices.
Very good food people are nice and clean inside..
There is a huge selection of meats at the deli, you can always find something new if looking.
The seafood and butcher section of the store is always fully stocked with great selections as well.
I'm thankful for it serving cooked meals/ fastfood session, easy for a single like myself.
), t&t, and food basics.
Love how the food is packaged especially for those days when i'll be eating alone.
Food is fresh and not the run of the mill frozen diet food entre.
I love their prepared foods.
They keep their customers by providing delicious food prepared from scratch.
The owner was planning on selling more groceries, but is moving more towards focusing on the food and beverages.
), and the owner is a gem--really just a delight to chat with.
If you have time, stop and get a sandwich or burger from their deli.
Their beef and seafood always look like it came straight from the farm or ocean.
It's always crowded but the food is fresh, reasonable priced and the people who work there are always friendly.
Good food and really nice people.
We tried some kind of spinach thing with phyllo dough which was delicious.
Everything you need from a health food store at a much more reasonable price.
Plus they have boars head deli meat which i am very particular to.
They carry all the great health food brands and it's cheaper than whole foods.
They have a great selection of fresh food including pre-prepared foods that are out of this world.
Yummy food, good sizes, good prices.
There was bread, pate and several jars of pickled vegetables on the table when we were seated.
They offer a variety of prepared foods, sweets, coffee, tea, cool sodas, meats, cheeses, etc.
I like that you can order food and eat it there, as well.
Ooh, that blueberry soda in the picture was delicious!
The selections are awesome, though prices are above smiths/vons but still below whole foods.
The seafood counter here is my favorite.
My favourite ones are the coconut shrimps and vegetable egg rolls!
Now besides the food items you can find great quality towels,  cookware and dishes.
There were many samples to try out and they were all delicious.
I ended up buying the prepared foods for lunch because i just came from the gym.
The staff at whole foods are very pleasant and friendly which is great.
Love the food at canbe!
Yikes, after reading another yelper's harsh review of whole foods, i feel compelled to change it up a bit.
(whole foods obviously, not trader joes, bummerrr.)
That wouldn't be happening if whole foods wasn't between us both.
Being educated on these issues has to start somewhere, and whole foods is as good as any place.
It's as if whole foods and 7-11 had a baby!
The only section that is busier, besides the check-out lines, is their deli.
You can get some great mexican food without the restaurant pricing here.
Love this food, flower, wine, beer grocery store.
All of them do along with some type of food sampling.
To add to this, i find their fruits have higher turnover rate, so the fruits will always be fresh.
I'll definitely come back here again for fresh produce and fruits.
The place is small but they have some delicious things inside.
Visit the restaurant; the best latin american food in charlotte.
However, the salad was delicious.
Trader joe's is a great place for fresh food.
They have an amazing bakery with the most delicious items, the kids love their donuts on the weekends!
Besides the ease of already made food, is the .98 cent section and selected produce in the store.
You can get juices for $1.99 instead of $4.99 and ribs, steaks, veggie sides, already made foods, familiy meals, etc.
However, they have a large, fresh vegetable and fruit section with a lot of hard to find items.
The pricing is a lot more reasonable the whole foods, though they have less of a selection.
If you are not so prone to the vegetable-life, the creeps are the way to go.
You can truly tell that you are eating real food made with love.
Like whole foods, but more intimate, and fewer hippie douche employees.
Prices seemed reasonable compared to whole foods.
I really like going to food city because they carry a lot of ethnic foods.
The variety of items though is not the best thing about food city.
Whenever i need quality produce on a smaller scale, food city is where i'm going from now on.
I love it, and i would love it if they could do online delivery like in the states...for toronto yorkville
If you want to enjoy your next gathering as a guest at your own party, go to glaziers food market!
Amazing hot foods counter.
And the pizza dough is homemade and delicious.
The fruits and vegies are all fresh all the time.
Hot food is great too.
I ordered the wing phat fried rice (with added spice) - $8 and it was extremely delicious!
The food here is so good because it's fresh, lovingly prepared and always nicely presented.
They obviously take great pride in providing quality outstanding service, good food and a spotless retail establishment.
This is a wonderful place to get good food and quick treats.
The deli and market of essential items will be great for a quick grocery run after work.
First time was watching a movie at home and wanted tcby ice cream delivered.
Loving this place with all the fresh and orgnanic fruits and veggies.
It's like a whole foods but a lot less uppity and a whole lot cheaper on most things.
Whole foods square one is my favourite lunch spot on weekends.
Their food bar is healthy and delish and they have the friendliest and courteous staff.
Great atmosphere, delicious food and free wifi!!
Finally a grocery store with a prepared food section that is actually good.
What more can you ask from a place that gives you deal on organic food?
The food of course taste great and is of the quality you expect from this chain.
One quibble regarding the seafood: i do not understand the "fresh from frozen" label.
Some yelpers describe sprouts as a (more) budget friendly whole foods and i have to concur.
Decent prices for wholesome fabulous foods.
I buy produce for babyfood, grains for his cereals, and bulk lavender and chammomile for aeromatherapy and holistic purposes!
If whole foods and gelsons supermarkets adopted an asian baby, it would be named t&t.
This place has got your asian food cravings and asian grocery needs covered.
The food court has sections for dim sum, japanese, chinese, vietnamese, bbq, desserts, and a huge asian bakery.
We loved the atmosphere and the food was great and very fresh at very reasonable prices.
We never knew kosher food can be so good!
Things i like: * selection - international food, they got it.
* deli - the selection at the deli counter is not greatest.
Prepped foods: i've celiac disease- wish they'd consider using the upstairs kitchen to prep gf foods.
Cheese and deli- i never leave there without a new cheese.
We ended up spending over 40 bucks... and we walked out with more food than we actually wanted.
They also have many organic and natural foods.
So much cheaper compare to whole foods
Best mexican food i've had so far!!
Amazing food, amazing service and great prices!!
They have great fresh fruits, veggies and meats.
This is the perfect store for singles our couples because a lot of the foods come in single/double servings.
It reminded me of an oversized area of a harris teeter deli/prepared food/bakery area with tables and chairs.
There are different sections where you can order food and then they will bring it to your table.
It has very high ceilings and bright lights so you never feel like your in a cave looking for food.
Great prices and plenty of food.
We have visited twice so far and the food has been consistently good.
Great hot food and pizza.
Their fruits and veggies are much better quality than other markets.
Bought a large, delicious and cheap gyro from a man with a nice handlebar mustache.
The deli has so many of my favorite cuts of meat and can be purchased already marinated if you like.
Colleen at the service deli is the reason for the 5 star review.
She is friendly and makes everyone at the deli feel special.
I will wait for colleen at all future deli visits!!
They have great foods that are easily prepared.
The deli section if my favorite part.
All of the food was awesome and the wine pairings were exceptional.
In addition to grocery shopping, they also pick up food from restaurants that don't deliver.
We order takeout and the food is always ready in 10 minutes or less.
The tacos are delicious and the prices are affordable.
They also have some pretty exotic, unique foods.
There is also a good selection of fresh and easy brand foods.
Earl's goes a step beyond and has food made to order, one of the best being their no.
Fantastic selection of commercial prepared foods and raw ingredients at the right prices.
They also have a small, but fantastic selection of house made foods for takeout.
But after trying the food here.
What blew me away on top of that deliciousness was their ice cream made of mung bean paste.
Really good local food and beer selection and we most always have a great experience because the awesome staff!
Whole foods, whole foods, where do i begin?
They also have a pretty great salad bar, pizza/deli if you don't like sushi.
Great fresh fruits and vegetables.
Even better fresh meats and a comprehensive frozen foods section as well.
The produce section, the deli, the sushi, starbucks inside; all are outstanding.
They have something they call it sicilian pizza, i know it as margarita pizza, whatever you call it's delicious too.
Beautiful assortment of asian foods and items.
I'm no ceviche expert, but my best description would be salsa if it were made of chunky seafood.
I really appreciate that they left the seafood extra chunky.
The food was good, and they did not bring too much food.
Offers a variety of produce and fruits at standard pricing which.
They have delicious pre-made meals, salads, etc.
Being from south texas, it's been hard to find southern-style gulf seafood, but mario does catfish right.
The deli is wonderful as well as the "east coast" foods.
The food selection is good.
I would suggest one thing, cross training their deli, hot food employees!
Their deli gets insanely busy and you wait a long time.
The hit food cooks just stand there.
Upscale deli, grocery, which will have something you will like.
Great customer service, great food and beautiful flowers always on hand.
Favorite market, fresh foods and fruits, helpful customer service.
I buy all my food from here!
The selection of fresh food is amazing and the variety is just as good.
My friend took me here to quickly grab some food... and i couldn't wait to go back again!
It's spit into 2 sections between the fresh produce (fruits & veggies) and meats/packaged items (chips, frozen food, premade food).
Excellent deli and kosher section to boot.
It's 20 miles away from the house, but the best place for all your mexican or latin american food needs.
This is the best butcher and seafood department i've found in vegas!
The bread we bought was oh so soft and delicious.
Overall: come here for the meats and seafood, not for the wine !
I stumbled upon this authentic italian deli/coffee shop while travelling in toronto.
The fish and seafood there are pricey but everything else is reasonably priced.
I forgot all the flavors they had but i got the chocolate, caramel and strawberry filling and it was delicious.
Bonus points goes to the coffee & food samples.
It was made fairly quickly and very delicious.
Its nice how there is a little siting area for people to enjoy their drinks  and food.
Currently have seasonal foods like persimmons, chestnuts, blackberries, raspberries, strawberries (okay, maybe not so seasonal).
I've been going to sami fruit for over 17 years.
Amazing when want to cook big batch of food :)
The food is full of flavor and amazing.
I love their selection of meats and seafood.
They have plenty of organic foods.
I love their organic bread here, glaziers and whole foods are the only places i like their organic bread!!
If it's one thing they need to improve is that adding more organic vegetables at this market is a must!!
It would definitely make me want to come here more for my vegetables!
If you like cooking mexican food, this is a great place to stock up on ingredients.
You wouldn't know it from the name of the store, but it definitely caters to the hispanic food-eating crowd.
I've yet to eat there, but there always seems to be people there ordering food.
They also have this fruit bar that is unique to mexican culture.
I worked literally across the tarmac in the cargo area and always saw the artisanal food-mobile all the time.
I thought it was a deli at first.
Also, their food and drink machines are constantly kept clean.
Their deli area with mexican imported cheeses and cold cuts is great to check out.
Feeds a family of four with leftovers, cheaper than fast food and so much better!
I went to whole foods today to load up on good, organic food.
I made an executive decision to treat myself to a big shop at whole foods.
I went to whole foods for convenience as well.
I was able to get some cut veggies, fruits and the best pork sausage stuffed mushroom caps ever.
I love the fresh made mexican food here.
But the food was delish and i had a blast going.
And that is what brought me to seton and that is what brought me to save-on-foods one wintry december afternoon.
Save-on-foods was the first place that i found one that was even close in size.
Lots of fresh and beautiful looking fruits and veggies.
The thing i was surprised to see is a nice selection of frozen foods.
Inside the store was clean with a wide selection of herbs, spices, health food, supplements, snacks, and food.
I would definitely come back here again as it's now probably the nicest bulk food shop in kensington.
And that egg salad- best execution of a simple food item.
Thanks for that, fountain hills express convenience store & deli.
The deli area is impressive, promoting mostly boars head products.
There is an area at the end of the deli that packages pre-made meals and sides.
As another reviewer expressed, this is not a market like whole foods.
It is the most delicious thing you will ever have.
I like the food samples they gave set up around the room plus sometime i find good deals on shirts.
Connie is an absolute delight.
They have a lot of turnover in the meats and deli, so it is always fresh.
It was absolutely delicious!
I had a huge bagel and some delish donut and my mouth hit the floor when i paid.
If you're a fiend for the traditional apple fritter, this place carries a huge, crisp, delicious version.
I just devoured some delicious chocolate chunk cookies and my second cup of coffee (stumptown ftw).
I've enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches, as well as a few pop-up food evenings that were quite spectacular.
It reminds me of the authentic mexican food in so cal.
It it not "organic" elite like whole foods, it is more of a cleaner farmer's market atmosphere.
The vegetable selection is superb!
I completely packed filled about a weeks amount of food for under $20.00.
My favorite part of the store was the specialty foods...
I can eat healthful and even organic food for cheaper than a regular grocery store!
The gravy on the fish curry is so rich and delicious.
This is a true representation of sri lankan food.
Great variety of food :)
They have certain vegetables that are hard to find in its fresh form not canned or dried.
-we would like to see more fresh, local meat/seafood and a bigger selection of ready-to-eat food.
They have a great selection of fruits and meats and the typical groceries..
There's a food court, clothing and jewellery shopping as well as a hairdresser.
Their meat for hot pots and their pre-made foods we're very inexpensive and great quality.
Great place for coffee, food, and work in charlotte!
Large, open, good energy, and great food.
Their prices on food and supplements is always a dollar or three cheaper than whole foods.
But all in all, it's a great natural foods store.
Came here with no fuss and got a small oxtail and small jerk pork with their delicious rice and peas.
The jamaican food here is how it should be.
I tried the albacore tuna and nut fruit chicken salads.
Both were yummy, store had nice fruit section too.
I always buy my junk food here.
But they charge per fruit verse per pound.
They have an amazing selection of meats and seafood, with a huge selection of ready to eat meals.
It's a boutique grocery store, with 30% of the space for sitting down and enjoying your food.
There is a food prep area and a bar.
The ambiance is nice like a good whole foods, (not like any locations in charlotte).
Healthy, quick, quality food and amazing staff.
Sprouts has a nice selection of unique foods and goods.
Their meat selection is ok and pretty well priced, their fruits and vegetables are also quite good.
Salad bat was even better than whole foods.
The staff was extremely friendly and my food came out exceptionally fast.
Unfortunately, i cant say the same for their deli workers.
They also are always introducing new fruits that i've never heard of... like seckel pears!
I got a sample of the carnitas at the "cafe" section - delicious.
When  you want some sole food, this is the place in las vegas.
The food was wonderful.
Took the food across town to home.
Got home opened it up and what a delight.
I when for my birthday in the food is very good,just nola 's.
The hot foods are mostly fried american staples, but the asiatic buffet more than makes up for the other.
Ge also serves up delicious soups.
I got 6lbs of carne asada- it was delicious.
I got a lot of food for just over $100.00.
Veggies fruit all of it is fresh and delicious.
In addition to the steaks, there's a mind-boggling selection of sausages and top shelf deli meats.
Lastly, you don't try the broccoli salad in the deli counter, you're selling visit short.
Granny smith and golden delicious apples-about $3.60...cool!
Yelp 365 challenge-(197/365) "eat your fruits and veggies"
Produce is fantastic (considering the food terminal is right next door, better be!
We also walked around and grabbed the little containers of deli sides which were priced $1-3.
Alright, so i didn't personally get the food, my coworker got it for me and brought it to the office.
The food here is so good though.
Their food isn't awful (actually pretty good for convenience store food) and the people are typically fairly friendly.
I have no issues buying fruit/veg.
Regardless, they have a wide selection of asian imports and the prepared foods - omg.
Try their "sucai bau" (vegetable buns) and other delectable goodies.
Imported taiwanese chives .... longan ... dragon fruit ... lychee ...
Amazing fresh food, the recipes are basic but seasoned to perfection and very delicious.
We will definitely come here again, the food is spectacular if you want a simple fresh seafood meal.
And they supply the best/ freshest meats, fruits, and vegetables.
On the way out i usually get a berry smoothie and a chicken wrap both very delicious!
My cousin ordered a steak burger that looked delicious and according to her, was great!
Great fruits and meats without the big box pricing.
He kept me up to date on everything until the delivery was complete.
They really will deliver the simplest of things.
This store definitely has a wide variety of items and definitely specializes in "healthier food".
The 2-3 restaurant-like shops have some really good food.
The cafe is stocked with interesting food and related products for entertaining.
The fresh made pizza is delish!
The apple fritters are a steal and so delicious!
The produce is great, the deli, bakery, butcher is top notch.
They have a salad bar here as well as prepared food.
Organic produce here is cheap to comparable natural food stores (i.e.
The cost of a whole box of food?
I was in the toronto area for some work training and was looking for some jamaican food for dinner.
With its delicious and exotic offerings, i thought i would have to burn a hole in my pocket.
The fresh fruit is always lovely.
My husband and i love the indian food offerings: chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo meals.
Small little shop, but it offers a variety of prepared food/subs and deli.
I got a 1/4 lb of parmesan and fontina cheese, as well as some salami, all were delicious.
Next visit i will try some of their prepared food.
The deli, the bakery and the meat dept.
They make everything in the deli themselves.
Not only are their food fresh but the aisles are organized.
The prepared food is also really good.
The pizza place is awsome as is the deli.
I popped in here early one morning and had a delicious latte.
The husband was whipping up delicious lattes in the front and his wife was baking away in the back.
I can't wait to come back and try more of their delicious goods soon!
I seriously recommend their store-made tomato sauce: it's completely delicious, and livens up plain pasta like nothing else.
A hole in the wall latin restaurant, amazing food and service.
This review is just for the deli/ country sandwich counter at this sprouts, formerly sunflower market.
Thats what youll find in the deli corner.
Price-wise, it's more expensive than loblaws, but cheaper than whole foods, at least on a general basis.
I really wish they would stock more vegetables from local farmers.
The fruits and vegetables section is certainly not as attractive as the one at whole foods.
I don't need the produce to be food-magazine pretty, but they could certainly work on their selection and presentation.
I can never leave cost plus market without stopping by the wine, beer, & spirits and the international food section.
Foods from all over the world.
There's also a super cute patio out front which is delightful and very pleasant for an afternoon.
Wefc is a great spot in the area to pick up staple food items.
They don't have everything but they do have a decent selection of dry foods, produce, fresh chicken and canned goods.
They have a kitchen where they make yummy momos and other nice prepared foods.
There are other things they sell as well, snacks, meats, seafood, and some other random frozen items.
Great tapas style food as well.
Otherwise, it is indeed the discreet love child of whole foods & trader joes.
Vibrant fresh produce, ample assortment of bulk food items, attractive baked goods, all at great pricing.
I enjoyed a vegan superfruit muffin and coconut-pineapple drink before i left.
I also like their recently launched black label gourmet food products (watch out mark mcewan's).
The staff was super friendly, the food amazing and  atmosphere there was great!
Generous with his knowledge and passion for fine foods.
This is an absolute must for anyone loves a total food experience!
Prices are more than fair for the amazing selection of gourmet foods.
Similarly, the curry chicken kabobs, the burgers, and the sausages were all delish.
Lots of items to choose from including hot and prepared foods, vegetables and fruits.
Wow, we came into glazier's on christmas day looking for an amazing seafood deal for our fancy dinner for two.
Everything in the meat and seafood department looked amazingly fresh and the prices were very competitive.
They had samples all over the store of different foods, which is always appreciated.
Much better than the hyvee food that looks like it has been sitting under a lamp all day.
Seafood quality - the seafood section was the most impressive.
The produce is fresh and the bakery and deli selection is great!
The deli/meat counter is always busy and i get helped right away.
The food really tasty and cooked well.
I love the variety of the fresh fruits and veggies!
Their deli meat is yummy.
It's one of my go-to's when shopping for my week's food.
Has alot sub shop, hot food bar, salad bar, sushi, and great bakery.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian and i enjoyed the food here a lot.
Second they have a food bar in the middle by the deli and bakery.
There's a salad bar, an olive bar, a soup station and a hot food bar.
The carnitas that they sell on monday with corn tortillas were absolutely delicious.
Lovely little shop with some great hard-to-find high-end food items.
My fit foods 48th and ray has the best prepped healthy meals!
The vegetables and fruits are always priced right.
Amaranth is a well stocked whole foods market.
They have bulk foods and some of the best almonds i have ever had!
Some items can be pricey, most organic food is, but there can be good sales.
Amaranth is a great place to pick up the organic, whole food additions to your life.
Food quality is great, very convenient, lots of self checkout aisles.
I'll recommend going to tutti fruity instead located at kensington market if you are shirt of money.
It was delicious and the cheese was so good as well.
This place is a must for healthy/vegan/vegetarian eaters, great food at a reasonable price.
This foodieview is about the friday steak night.
They have a cool variety of local nc products and other foods.
I would recommend coming during their busy hours when there is a short turn around with fresh food.
Not a fancy restaurant or anything but damn this food court has the best tacos i have ever had...
It was served with a delicious (homemade?)
Fry's food and drug frys marketplace store #686
All your favorite mexican delicacies.
What's different about cardenas from other markets :   smoothie making station - you can order a smoothie with fresh fruit.
They actually out whatever fresh fruit of whatever flavor it is.
They have a great selection, great prices and a great prepared food section!
Person fight night ppv party and i needed a carload of fruit and vegs to buy.
I spent over four+ hours cutting and prepping fruit alone!
Fruits and veggies and tortillas for high rollers appetizers is all that we bought.
I love their eating right line of frozen foods, and the produce is pretty good.
I got a pint of vegetable soup to take home.
They also have prepared foods, salads, and they offer catering.
The sirloin steak burger is delicious and a hearty portion.
I've also eaten sandwiches at the deli inside reid's and they make a wonderful sandwich too.
It's not whole foods or trader joe's.
Love all whole foods branches but this one is conveniently located to me so i enjoy visiting it the most.
Veggies, fruits, poultry, meats, juices, can goods, bread, cereals...
I'd much rather get delivery from gg with in-condo-delivery.
Their food court is better than the mall's!
Their international food section contains items you can't find at aj's or tj's.
They have a very good deli with reasonable prices.
The prepared foods are excellent, from the pizza, sandwiches, and hot food items, everything is prepared fresh.
Not to mention, the food, simple but elegant.
It's way way way overpriced, but at the same time, it's really amazing food.
The prepared food is perfect, the fruit and veggies are fresh.
Meat and seafood are top notch with a terrific deli and on site bakery.
I would say 99% of trader joe's food is awesome.
Better than most big chain market, in that they have a huge deli, food hall set up.
A nice food shopping experience, certainly nicer than the vons across the street.
Tom is a prime example of how all customer service should be delivered.
Sometimes when the wife and i dont feel like cooking we would come here for dinner, the food is great.
My first stop, the deli counter.
I was able to try samples of several salads and deli cheeses and the customer service was excellent.
The selection of anything from frozen food to bakery goods to especially candy is perfect and abundant in this store!
Also, the pre packaged food at asian markets in chinatown should probably be avoided whereas tnt prepackaged food is yummy!
Excellent food and well stocked groceries.
It's like a mini mall with a clothing section and food court included.
Food is always good, but the lineups at lunch can be long.
Delicious quality food at very reasonable prices in a cozy cafe...
Everything was delicious, bursting with flavour and freshness.
Amazing food and atmosphere.
They have a deli, a stand for agua frescas, a butcher, fresh seafood, and a nice restaurant.
The food at the restaurant is also just sort of average, but authentic, mexican food.
The food was amazing and i would have given this a 5 start rating, but the service was pretty bad.
The sliders were delicious, but weren't at all spicy.
The beef short ribs were tender and incredibly delicious.
The food came out very slow, especially considering we were one of the only ones in the restaurant.
Overall, i would come back again because the food was really good, but don't expect great service.
I'm always grossed out if a grocery store is unkempt (i'm looking at you, food basics!)
Francesco's italian market and deli is an unassuming little shop with a lot more to offer than you might expect.
The deli boasts a wide variety of cured italian meats (capicola, mortadella, etc) and a large selection of fine cheeses.
I love their selections of food, their staff and their location.
But when it comes to food, if i can get top quality, then i don't mind paying top prices.
Their seafood quality and quantity are pretty fresh.
I know i will be back to glaziers to make more delicious meals.
Only a few items that i like better at whole foods, they are the cheese, nuts and smoked meats departments.
If you want fresh organic fruits and vegetables in vegas, this is the place.
It's a luxury food store- along the same lines as pusateri's, not pete's convenience mark.
It's garlicky and delicious.
The best is the 50% off deals on  prepared foods the night before they expires.
Really great food here.
Always a great selection and a one stop shop for fruit and veggies.
This is the closest thing you're going to get to authentic soul food.
The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable.
The only place i can get decent specialty foods imported from england.
The food was so good and the store is very clean.
I've found several (literally 7+) items at ng that are substantially cheaper than at sprouts and whole foods.
N they have awesome food, and a wide selection of craft beers and wine.
I love independent food/grocery markets.
Galati market fresh is one of those independent food markets that i enjoy browsing and shop a little.
I always find the fruit and vegetables a lot fresher and even the bakery selections are better!
I love this place :) they have great deals on produce and other food items.
Their bourbon salmon and sushi are fantastic and they have an amazing selection of every kind of food.
I had everything going on from food to full bar.
Well everyone wanted to drink more than eat food.
The only thing i can suggest is a deli bell.
Would love to see a larger selection of organic meat and fruit!
In the market, they have a service counter that serves pretty good soul food.
Next time you are thinking about getting a fast food salad go here instead.
I also got some crackers and meat to make bruschetta and it was so delicious.
They sell yoga mats, yoga accessories, calendars, candles, incense, cds...  then we have the food selection.
Purple sweet potatoes, fruit, amazing veggie selection...
I don't find their prices any worse than whole paycheck...i mean whole foods, and sprouts is way closer.
Delightful place to buy good alcohol.
I became addicted to shopping at whole foods.
He produce is decent, though a bit pricey and the other foods they have are amazing.
I love whole foods, it's amazing.
They did and the driver promptly delivered the much needed guitars to the trade show!
The holy grail of sri lankan food in the east end.
The staff is super friendly and deliveries groceries right to my vehicle.
Seriously delicious chinese food.
Francesco's is a sweet and cozy little neighbourhood cafe/ deli.
I went in on good friday, and ordered the most delicious veggie panini, and americano.
The fruit and veggies are the freshest and the prepared food is incredible!
I don't speak spanish and i am not familiar with spanish foods.
All of the take out food is fresh made.
Everything we ordered tasted delightfully fresh and healthy.
Great prices, great food.
Produce was decent and plenty of fresh vegetables and fair prices.
They have an open market-style feel with fresh pizza, deli, gelatto bar, fresh coffee, sushi and other fish.
Next to that there is a seafood counter with a wide selection and they even steam your crab for free!
Glazier's has rows and rows of fresh, in-house prepaired food for you to take home and use or finsh.
This city is lucky to have such a wonderful, local store to shop for food.
Their fruits and veggies are always fresh because their turn over rate is so high.
Cool food for sale and a lovely little restaurant and great prices.
The folk who run this place are passionate about their food.
It is somewhat like a toned-down whole foods.
The seafood selection is actually larger than whole foods, and the meat selection is very nice too.
Meat / food are excellent (so much nicer the supermarket junk.
They have some food items, which i was surprised about.
It was pretty delicious, but could've used a thick, sweet, balsamic drizzle-it would've been perfect!!
The best part was the samples on all of the fruits and cheeses to help narrow your search.
In true health food fashion, there isn't any wine, beer, or liquor sold here from what i could find.
So the sad news is, for any kind of variety i'll be continuing to drive 20 minutes to whole foods.
Dang,   i wish they had whole foods in montreal.
I stop at labriola's often but must admit, feel like an irish/german outsider, especially at the deli counter.
The deli staff is not a warm lot, they are a busy crew.
This place is awesome for all your mexican food needs.
You can add a soup (usually puréed and pretty delish) for another $1.50, i think.
Now they have more "grab and go" food and everything is modern.
Excellent customer service, the food is priced well and higher quality.
She said the delivery truck was coming that evening so i should come back for them.
Plus their kimchi/in-house prepared food is great too!
I wandered around checking out the ready-made foods, snacks, etc.
Nonetheless, we enjoyed the food so much i am still giving this place 4 stars.
The food was outstanding.
Can't get enough of whole foods!!!!
It has 2 restaurants too, great vietnamese fast food and very good chinese fast food.
They have a huge selection of salad dressings, and their fruit and vegetables are always fresh and yummy.
The delicious smell of freshly made churros hit me as soon as i walked in here.
These churros are absolutely delicious!
They have a lot of premade food: dinners, sandwiches, salads.
Great vegan options: some organic fresh fruits and veggies (usually organic salad greens, spinach, carrots, herbs, bananas).
Even some of their pre-made food is vegan!
While in vegas, my sister and i came to their local sprouts for their food.
Went to the sandwich spot and the food was fresh, delicious, and service was fantastic.
Soups are soooooo delicious!
Whole foods is amazing, in particular of its sheer range of selection.
Organic produce, vitamins, healthcare, food, you name it.
The deli/salad bar/hot foods section can't be beat.
7 layer dip, taco dips, pasta salads galore, fruit trays, broccoli salad - honestly i could go on for days.
Almost missed this little meatball, good thing my bf knows his food.
Haven't tried any other of the large variety of prepared foods they have to offer .
I'm not a fan of their catering or prepared foods, otherwise i'd tack on another star.
Very large deli selection with all of your typical dago fare.
This is not something the multitudes of generic basket, cookie, or fruit companies could provide or deliver.
Sorry, back to anything u want delivery.
Anything u want delivery is number one.
Alesci's is still the best italian deli/grocer i know of.
Their deli olives in bulk.. .so good.
Supermarket options on this side of matthews are the teeter, food lion, and walmart.
Food lion's produce section is basically non-existent and their store brand is iffy.
And always make sure to tip the delivery person!
No one delivers for smiles!
11-5-14 another great delivery!
Just the essentials..cat food and beverages!
They're cafe inside has great food too if you just plan on stopping by for something to eat!
Great alternative to whole foods.
The hot foods were kind of bland, which is why i docked a star.
Their seating area is so nice, so i had hoped they would have better food.
The homemade deli chips are amazing.
Fairly clean, good size pharmacy department, bakery and deli.
I've had a couple of bad experiences with frozen seafood purchased here so i stay away from that.
Deli food is a nice change up from delivery or restaurant.
Nice selection of produce and for a single man, the selection of frozen food is out of this world.
There are several high-tops and seating at the bar area with orderable food.
Five stars for finally opening, festival foods!
Where is the review of the day (rotd) for food shoppe?
Pittsburgh yelpers, this place is flipping amazing, and someone needs to get the word out about the food shoppe.
Living in pittsburgh makes me miss the food of astoria greatly.
So imagine my delight when i found the food shoppe.
This is the closest thing to that type of neighborhood deli/ butcher you'll find in pittsburgh.
The food shoppe is on my walk home, and we're going to have a beautiful relationship.
Deli:  boar's heads meats and cheeses at the same to slightly lower prices than the grocery stores.
Cold prepared foods:  lots of cold "salads" to choose from (i.e.
I got a delicious pasta salad with tortellini, but tortellini is heavy.
However, the ham salad was $5.99/pound and quite delicious!
Ufc this review up, go visit the store, and send some love to the food shoppe!
Your eyes are jumping around at all the baskets, the stacked boxes and barrels of vegetables and fruits.
If you want a food basket, they can make one up for you.
The produce, meat, bakery and deli selections are always good.
They told me they could deliver everything to their room for $130 for a 750ml...
I started looking for other delivery services nearby and came across anything u want.
Fresh veggies/fruits - majority are "local" rather than organic.
Their organic selection is far slimmer than whole foods, but always fresh and delicious.
Bulk foods - good selection of bulk items.
We routinely buy things like roasted peanuts and pretzels and dried fruit.
The best specialty food grocery store in town!
The cheese plate was delicious, two different types of cheese, couple different nuts, bread and some dried fruits.
They give samples of their fruits, salsas, cheeses and dips.
Food is usually always fresh here and the quality is great.
The deli, bakery, meat and produce departments are where they shine.
The quality of foods you'll find here is what sets them apart from many others.
The fresh hot and cold food bars are excellent quality and i always enjoy trying the various dishes.
I absolutely love their unique and tasty foods, friendly, helpful staff, and charmingly kitschy island vibe.
It is so very filling and delicious that even non vegetarians will be left satisfied.
I don't actually buy groceries here, ever but i do go into the food area pretty often.
Good variety of veggies but more importantly to me, a good variety of fruit to put on my salad!
I'm not sure if the dressings are house made but i believe so and the asian sesame is delicious!
Lablaws is a good place to shop for food but you should not go there to shop for toys.
Great way to try new foods.
Only change would be the taco vender, ok food but nothing i would go for again.
They will give you a number and bring the food out to you.
I was in a hurry, so i ordered my food to go.
Your name will be called when it is ready and they box and bag your food super conveniently.
This place is great with food but kind of overpriced on other stuff besides that.
Definately a place to buy food if you live in the southwest area!
There are fruit fights every time i'm here.
Can always find something and the meals are always delicious.
It's a foodie lovers dream.
I go here to avoid the seafood city circus and its close to home in the anthem/silverado ranch area.
Little did i know that healthful food done right can taste soooo good.
They totally delivered on that promise.
I actually really liked the food.
It's a great health food store that's cheaper than whole foods and sprouts.
They offer a wide variety of packaged, frozen and dried food and all of the produce is organic.
My mom's only complaint is that their vegetables are not as cheap as other chinese supermarkets.
There is a focus on organic and healthy foods.
I also like that they have a larger health food section than most grocery stores.
They give you good options to choose from, a lot of cool pictures and art, also there food looked amazing!
There is an extensive deli selection, prepared foods, generic sushi bar, pizza, etc .
New kid on the block, but what a welcome addition it is for any foodie in the qc!
Finished playing food was ready , ate in the nice clean patio area.
I messaged via yelp, received a response within 20 minutes, and had my supplies delivered shortly after.
Great selection on proteins, meat, chicken, seafood and pork.
The quality of the food is fairly high, reminds me of costco, but not on steroids.
The selection of fruits is okay, not great, decent selection of vegetables and the rest is great.
I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food.
In addition to its lovely service, this is quality veg food set amongst the market buzz of kensington.
The prices are great and the restaurant food tastes awesome.
Next time i'll try the cheesecake, but the apple was super delish!
Good selection of produce, frozen foods, and packaged goods.
It's much better then whole foods in terms of quality of food and the taste.
Unlike whole foods who seems to put everything out there and the taste usually bland.
My favorite food at trader joes is addictive and i go back for the same things every week.
They have pumpkin filled burritos are delicious.
The thick pie mini pizzas are delicious.
Also, trader joes why do you put food coloring in your items?
If i see food coloring i skip buying that item as food coloring that isn't natural causes cancer.
Trader joes please look into delivery for the people that cannot drive to you.
A lot of people are weary of seafood, and that's only because of the associated smell.
They have food for every pallet.
Great shopping and awesome food to eat while you're there!
Love all the prepared food options and selection in general.
The meat and seafood counters are very nice as well.
I will be coming back to try their other food soon
*** if trader joe's & whole foods had a baby, it would be natural grocers dorky, red headed cousin.
For soul food eaters mario's is definitely a contender.
Within 30 mins received a response back and within 2 hours the item was picked up and delivered with professionalism.
I was also excited to find delicious ripe yellow mangoes (3 for $.99).
The cashier chimed in and said they were delicious with carne asada.
Delicious and inexpensive good quality food.
I also bought some frozen foods off there which were good.
Cardenas market has a great selection of fruits and veggies.
Their products are inexpensive even though they are organic and natural, and they are way cheaper than whole foods.
I gotta admit, this is a pretty good food lion as far as food lion's go.
I'm happy to report, this food lion only possesses the "dingy on the outside" quality.
Inside, it's one of the nicest food lion's you'll see.
The fruits are fresh, lots of choices, price matches other stores and kept very clean.
A nice size 'kosher deli' is a bonus as well.
For $3, it was delicious.
This place is huge compared to the foodsco i'm used to going to in ca.
The food is excellent - an authentic italian deli.
And the price is great for the quality of food and the service you get.
Prices for food and everything else are a bit too pricey compared to safeway and frys's prices.
They have a large variety of frozen veggies, fruits, fish, and meat.
This is a 3.5 star...maybe a 4.....food is quick and flavorful.
The food itself is the main attraction here.
And of course, the food and produce are amazing, as always.
They have fresh, cheap food for lunch.
Second example of great service- when heading inside to order food i grabbed empty glasses to bring in.
We drove 20 miles to get some and it was again delicious.
They have cooked prepared foods.
I want to try everything on their menu and i like that they have some asian influences in their food.
It was delicious and hearty and totally unexpected.
Oh, and hot food items and sushi are discounted at around 7:30, usually by $1 or $2.
The big carrot is the health food store that is the backbone of the whole deal.
Some kind father figure who will sort our fast-food eating butts out without judgement.
Everything was delicious.i highly recommend this place.
Clean deli and great food court pizza.
All around a good grocery store that emulates wholefoods feel, food4less isles and prices.
The price is as wonderful as the food.
There's a wide selection of hot foods to choose from and you pay base on the weight.
Food is pretty good (better than what i could make at home, that's for sure!).
If you're a light eater, it's a great place to grab food.
If you're not a light eater, i wouldn't recommend getting the hot foods here.
It will make you feel like a rat in a maze, with your desired food product as your "cheese".
You have tanks of live seafood, from clams to fish to lobsters to eels.
You can't miss it - tons of fruit and veggies outside in bins, and tons of shoppers looking for bargains!
They also have many organic and natural foods.
So much cheaper compare to whole foods.
Trader joe's is one of my favorite places to shop for food.
Lots of options especially for health food nuts like me.
It has much more than what whole foods offer and is reasonably priced.
The vegetable samosas were 4 for $1 and the meat samosas were 3 for $1.
Oh, and they also have many of their fried foods sold in frozen form.
I am definitely a repeat customer and i will continue to shop at anbrosia natural foods.
Nice deli & bakery.
But, i mostly go here for their prepared meals, bakery and deli.
We felt in love with their foods the minute we taste it.
I go to whole foods all over the us when i'm traveling.
They have so much pre-prepared food i love it.
Keep up the great work, whole foods :)
I love their "to go" meals and deli area and the second floor bar/place to eat or sit outside.
There is usually some sort of fruit on sale & it has been of terrific quality every time.
I've had everything from hot dogs to ramen and it has all been fresh and delicious.
Other than that, the food is great and the employees are wonderful (yet rushed and frantic).
I can't wait to go back to test out some of the food bar.
Great vegan/vegetarian and gluten-free-friendly food at very affordable prices.
The beer selection is excellent and the food is outstanding!
It sounded like heaven to us, food that is actually name-brand and inexpensive.
Cons- it doesn't look like a grocery store at all, more leaning towards a "home depot" or "lowes" of food.
Everything is inconveniently placed, one minute you're in produce, one minute you're in frozen foods.
Great prices, great food helpful staff!
They also have little chocolates and foods from around the world.
Shopping at sprouts will have you thinking that you have been bamboozled by wholefoods and their prices.
It has a full bar, tvs, huge selection of meat, seafood, sushi, etc.
Do yourself a favor and get a sub for harris teeter deli.
Whole foods beats them with organic and sulfite free wines.
Great food and service.
They were on time as promised, all delivered safe and sound, very easy experience.
All the food was laid out in a clean and neat way with each item separated, covered, and heated separately.
The fruit was fresh and ripe, and the flavors of everything were spot on.
I kept on saying i was going back for more food and all i got were those squares.
You will find such special unique food items that actually make you excited to buy groceries!
The prices are great and i absolutely love some of the innovative foods that carry the trader joe's branding.
I wish they had more options in the vegetable section.
Delicious swamp cabbage veges (rau muon)!
I believe sprouts to be better than whole foods market, better quality produce,meat, ect.
This place sells boars head and makes delicious sandwiches with boars head products.
They have a ton of freshly baked goodies and a deli cooler packed with ready to go meals.
The meat and seafood are good quality and the folks back there are quick to help.
I don't physically frequent safeways very much anymore, as i take advantage of their delivery service.
Wonderful amount of organic foods.
It's also in a perfect location that has been in desperate need of a health food store for years.
Ive been there a couple of times and its simple, delicious and healthy food.
I've had a few of their sub sandwiches, & tried bites of others, & they are delicious!
Nice people & good italian food - can't go wrong!
Delightfully surprised, fresh, fresh food.
Love their delicious made-fresh-daily artisanal breads.
I like the deli here, its big and spacious and always has enough workers.
T&t and foody are the two asian places where i haven't smelt any of those.
In terms of organization and customer service though, i prefer t&t over foody anyday.
Foody's prices are generally $1-2 cheaper, despite having the same homogeneous quality.
They have a great selection of specialty/health conscious foods at very reasonable prices.
Seriously delicious  we need more home cooked meals liked  so delicious so yum  really wow
Food: $$, but well worth trying.
Has a good "food court" area with a player grand piano.
They even delivered when they said they would.
Prices are on par with grocery stores, but the freshness & assortments of vegetables/ fruits/ snacks is wonderful.
The kind of place inspired by and made for the food network.
Come here for all my vegan foods.
If you need kosher food, there is an extensive selection here.
As i live right in the area, having a whole foods close to me definitely is a perk.
What i love about any whole foods are the prepared food section - this location does not disappoint.
Atmosphere isn't the best but food was good.
Surprising deals on foods you love!
You get large amounts of food, kitchen supplies etc.
Their deli and prepared meals section is fantastic.
Fyi i got food poisoning from here recently from the bacon!!
I have also had a couple friends have food poisoning from their bacon and salad bar!
The food was so filling and the place is small and cozy and pleasant.
Also, why is the pet food always somewhere near the ice cream and the makeup?
Stopped in for a drink on the way to unknown and love the vibe, drink and food selection.
Decent food court with a few restaurants.
In the summer, they have soft ice-cream with fruits at the bakery.
If you can't find something at your local grocery store, whole foods probably has it.
I think the whole foods bakery next door has semi-rude staff so i stick to the main store.
The store reminds me slightly of a conventional version of whole foods.
The coffee/tea bar, gelato, cakes, italian cookies from ny, donuts, prepared foods, salad bar, and so much more.
The prepared foods were items i'd really want to buy too.
Their quinoa is delicious, and the tofu/beets/lentils/carrots/sweet potato make for a great combination of textures.
Good variety and quality of product, nice, hot and delicious hardo bread ... and a fantastic variety of seasonings.
They always have a great selection of organic veggies and we've had good luck with the fruit also!
All their deli salads and pre made meals/dishes are delicious.
A rotating selection of fruits and veggies.
The coffee options here are delicious and i like that you can always seem to find a new featured item.
They make a really good sandwich to order in their deli and their staff are so kind and friendly.
Also the fruit is fantastic... just eat it quickly.
1) you have food from all over the world.
Quality alcohol is what they boast...and they deliver!
6) your prepared foods are super yummy.
I stopped by this one on the way to phoenix and had a delightful soda and fueled up.
Great local place to buy your fruit and veggies.
Prices are very reasonable except for the deli and bakery go to a local bakery.
Earl's grocery has become one of my go to places for quick, healthy, and delicious food options.
Nice variety of food and i love their baked cookies.
Their fruit is fresh but with that being said if you don't use it asap it will go bad fast.
Whole foods market in the hood serving soul food to perfection.
I absolutely love yorkville whole foods market!!
Plus everything is always clean and they make healthy food look delicious.
Beer: 6/5 tons of delicious beers on tap.
Food: 5/5 the flatbread pizza is delicious as well and will run you about $8.
The deli has 8 oz.
The kid who works in the deli really impressed me when he pointed out the parmesan cheese.
They also have a bakery and a little kitchen for hot foods.
Pusateri fruit is not to be confused with the pusateri's in yorkville.
They also have some wonderful gourmet foodie items in stock such as unique vinegars, oils, dried goods and cheeses.
The deli meats are a little on the high side ...worth it !
The seafood selection - great !
Then, i hit the meats... one of the best meat counters and cheese/deli counters i've ever seen.
Samples of guacamole, carnitas, salsa fresca and tortilla chips along with the delicious aroma of the kitchen.
Oh, and everything i bought was absolutely delicioso!
Their deli sandwiches are pretty good, too.
It's my one stop shop for food and snacks.
Everyone complaining that the meat section is small needs to realize that it is a health food store.
Love their bulk foods section, and their deli is boss.
I don't mind paying a little extra for food to avoid: crazy lines, busy stores and fresh tasting produce.
Amazing service if you need things at all hours that uber eats and the normal deliveries won't deliver.
I had a guest and it was late night and they delivered.
:) the pizza was delicious fresh simple crusted tomato sauce well seasoned and sprinkled parm on top.
Whole foods probably has the best variety of gluten free foods that i've seen.
Every now and then fruits are on sale.
The blackened chicken salad at the cold foods counter is amazinnnnggg!
It's super expensive, but the quality of the food is pretty great.
I'm vegetarian and the freezer kosher is loaded with clean vegan and vegetarian foods.
The eggplant parm was delicious...the way good italian eggplant parm is supposed to be prepared!
Great customer service, delicious food and great dessert!
In terms of their take-out food, i am in love.
My go-to place for fresh fruit and veg.
You will have to work like dogs to outdo bloor fruit market!"
Amazing people and food!!
I tried the taco of the day and it was a gyro like combo that was delicious!
The sign says a-mart, the receipt says a-mart, but the labels on the prepackaged food says asian market.
Greenland does have the food court, and a butcher, but the a-mart has much better prices.
A-mart is unique because they actually use a german bakery to bake and deliver their korean cream breads.
This place has a good selection of fruits and vegetables and the produce is very high quality.
There is also a good selection of bulk foods toward the front of the store in front of the cashiers.
Again, freshness is of the utmost importance, and they deliver on this promise.
The organic produce is always a great price, it's like a cheaper whole foods with better selection on produce.
Their regular/custom-decorated cakes/pastries are exceptional in taste and artfully detailed in vibrant colors & fruits.
Http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/t-and-t-supermarket-markham?select=9vmxrlsv4jm0mlqdrgwn7g   - hot foods.
There is a dining area nearby where you can eat these foods.
Delicious meals at rock-bottom prices!
Lots of food sampling during the weekends.
There are so many hot foods and a very creative bakery.
We got some fruit and mochi here.
They have a great deli.
Their seafood and meat section is awesome.
However, it was really delicious.
Best place on the street to get veggies and fruit.
Earth fare honestly seems "exactly" like whole foods.
Yes it is pricey, but i personally feel that spending more on organic foods is well worth it.
The deli, meats, bakery, and all of that here are simply amazing.
At this location, they have a food court with a few different booths.
The music is loud, the lights bright and festive, and the smell of the food makes your mouth salivate.
Finally found empire chicken fat here (in the frozen foods section).
Beaucoup de fruits et légumes biologiques, ainsi qu'un très bon choix de produits secs en vrac.
The best meddle eastern food provider in the area!
On entering i headed to the deli.
Employees are so friendly and i've enjoyed their bakery and seafood items!
Each week sprouts has a sale that prices select fruits and veggies for under a dollar a pound or bunch!!
Disclaimer: if most of your groceries consist of processed foods this is not the place for you.
The hot foods are really delicious.
I also really love the deli.
This store also has a really nice seafood area.
Reminds me of the old mega foods stores only on a higher scale.
Ate breakfast at the "deli".
Ordered ala carte and everything was delicious!
They have great specials for fresh meat and seafood.
Mrs. g label deli meats are a good value, too.
The fruits and veg freshness and quality is better than hmart.
Their prepared foods are good and there are alway more than a few samples to try.
Also, there are more food court vendors here than at the competitors.
Food at the court is expected...meh....but it's cheap food.
Everything is really cheap and the chicken in the deli is amazing.
They really redid the deli very nicely with lots of prepared foods.
Glazier's food marketplace is a good grocery shop.
Here you can find a big selection of meat and seafood.
There are also a lot of veggies and fruits for reasonable prices.
They have plenty of organic food either (organic brown eggs and organic bread).
My overall impression of sprouts is that it's the love-child of trader joe's & whole foods.
My favorite score from sprouts were the pre-sliced and packaged gyro meat in the deli section!
They now have a whole section dedicated to natural and organic foods.
The prepared meals, soups & salads are interesting & delicious.
I live within walking distance to whole foods but i'm just as happy to drive to northumberland st. oh!
I didn't get any of the food but the cheese plate looked amazing so i will definitely be back!
But after a few visits i got the courage to try new foods, and explore my shopping options.
I feel so lucky it's my neighborhood grocery store, and the cooked foods, pizza and deli are also amazing!
The staff are always helpful and friendly and the ceviche in the seafood department is to die for!!!!!!!
It was delicious, educational and a great deal.
I am not a big vegan food fan but the soup and salad were perfectly balanced and seasoned.
I made it that night and it was delicious.
I felt like i got a lot of food (and quality food) for a reasonable price.
Delicious latte and their sausage, egg, cheese, and tomato is my new pick for best breakfast sandwich in the city.
I tried to have vons grocery deliver some 7 up because i was home very sick to my stomach.
Then i went to delivery times and they couldn't deliver till the next day and it wasn't even noon yet.
So i googled other deliveries and found this place.
The amount and quality of food items in this cozy location is impressive.
As for the food - very, very good.
Quality foods (not just meats) plus free sausage tasting.
They have a great meat and seafood department.
Best of all their prices are better the vons, whole foods, sprouts and trader joes.
Fresh fruit and veggies and a pretty good wine and beer choices.
Deli is full of awesome meats with signage like "free range" & "organic".
Cheap and decent priced vegan food.
I got the crepe and it was really delicious!
Unpretentious, simple, delicious food.
If you have a friend who thinks vegan/veggie food can't be good please take them here!
This is my absolute favorite place to get food for a nice meal.
One of my favourite places to grab a vegan/gluten-free brownie or a fruit smoothie.
The food is fresh and the owner can often be seen leaving the cafe to go buy produce.
There's even a deli section that helps makes last-minute dinner a breeze.
If you cannot handle spicy food, i would recommend you go elsewhere.
The big carrot is an excellent resource for all organic foods.
They have great weekly specials on meat, seafood and wine.
Its never a long wait at checkout and the food is extremely fresh.
I love my fit foods!!
I love having fresh food that i just heat in my microwave - fast and easy!
A great company, great service, and great food!
Marios is a great place where i get soul food the catfish and ribs are awesome.
Nice pre-made meals to go, gourmet food and priced accordingly.
It's about time we got a smaller whole food type of store on this side of town.
The staff is very friendly and the food is good quality.
Super convenient shop with delicious sandwiches fresh made!
Also a big lack of vegetarian choices ==no meatless tempeh or deli meats for the veggie head person.
The bakery was delicious!
There's a lot of prepared food here.
Another thing i like is they have a food court built right into the supermarket.
There's are 4-5 stalls that serve korean and japanese food.
But it doesn't just stop at the delicious gyros.
We split a roasted turkey sandwich, with brie and cranberries on a rustic baguette ($8.95) - delicious.
Added a caprese side salad - better than delicious.
The deli is right in the front.
You'll have saved money and will have more actual food, less packaging and less chemicals.
Picked up the key i needed and delivered it to another business within the hour.
:) oh, the soup and salad was delicious as well!
My vegetable-hating bf loved the salad!
The hot bar is loaded with food that actually looks fresh; not like it's been out for a while.
They even have a section that makes sub sandwichand they are delish!
What an amazing array of artisanal foods!
But you are sure to find some really unique and sometimes exotic foods.
Robert in the meat/seafood department is the best.
He will tell you what is on sale, and he also helps you find new meats/seafood that you might like.
The menu is simple with delicious pizzas good for one or two people.
The prices are definitely competitive and in some cases they blow the other food stores away.
Park your car and get inside to buy your cart or two of deliciousness.
Decent sized korean supermarket, selling food and household items.
Good fresh seafood and fresh pastries available.
There is also a food court that is quite good for a quick lunch.
The food is great and most importantly the owner is very friendly and cheerful person.
The only thing is that they don't have a place to sit beside that the service and food is good.
Atleast don't have to go all the way down to toronto for good iranian food
Bulk food is misunderstood.
Cooked food here is good value but gets too crowded in the evening.
People will stand near the cooked food and not moving or ordering.
I would highly recommend this place for a great food that is fresh and has amazing flavor!
Sunflower market is a great health food store.
To my surprise they had all the food i'm accustom to at tj's and more.
Huge selection of desserts ,an overall excellent choice for armenian food.
Their deli is nice but their to go selection of foods is very expensive.
C'mon whole foods this is not.
I enjoy their foods from back east but one must pay a fortune.
These high prices carry over to their other foods such as mustards, milk and meats.
They have a deli which only provides boar's head.
When i shop here, i could smell the bakery items, the produce, and the seafood.
This is a major advantage over food 4 less where you bag your own groceries.
Although i'm not korean but i love korean culture and food.
Just grab a roll, bring it to the deli counter, and decide what you want on the bread.
I realize now that they only offer coke by the bottle, but really would have appreciated a nicer delivery.
Eat seafood restaurant on quebec and ontario, friendly and accommodating service, and the food deserve 6 stars out of 5.
I used to live near square one whole foods and figured this location would be a 'step up'.
I love dosas, and these were delicious, huge and stuffed.
Also, on the side is a section of frozen foods.
Wing phat is a vietnamese/thai/chinese restaurant that offers plenty of options from lobster to stir-fry vegetables.
Everything ordered from the crispy tofu to the stir-fry vegetables was absolutely perfect!
The service is quite fast so you won't have to wait too long for your food.
Homemade, with a huge variety of flavors--pork, chicken, even seafood!
He takes a lot of care in making the plate of food for you.
The only way to describe it is whole foods meets wal-mart, in all the best ways.
Prepared food is a feast for the eyes as it wrapped around corners, and is everywhere you look.
The produce is reasonably priced, and the ethnic food selection is quite impressive for being in suburbia.
My favourite place for jamaican food!
And the food tastes amazing.
Used uber eats and got it delivered in less than 30 mins.
Food was perfect and very delicious.
When i got home, the food was still warm :-) wow, the catfish!!
The collard greens tasted delicious.
The employees were very friendly and helpful and the food was absolutely delicious.
They have a nice variety of organic prepared food that you can take out  great store, highly recommended for vegetarians.
This is a terrific little fruit and veggie store.
Anything u want delivery service was outstanding.
There's a butcher, barbecue and sandwich counter as well as nice looking seafood market too.
I am down with spicy food so i enjoyed it!
The salad was delicious with the perfect amount of dressing with the right flavors.
This is a great place and has any and everything you would need or want when it comes to food.
I come here mostly for seafood.
Dope low-key soul food!
Like a grocery and deli and restaurant all in one.
Huge variety of food selections and spreads and cards and napkins and fun gift items.
They have lots of packaged foods, such a big variety of snacks, makes my head spin and my gut poke.
And live seafood like catfish, blue crab, and abalone.
Food and service were outstanding.
Little neighborhood market that has fair assortment of fresh fruits, vegetables, meats and cheeses.
Glazier's food marketplace is the best of vegas.
They have a very good section for vegetarian/vegan food.
They also have a place where you can buy ready made food like pastas, lasagna, potatoes, etc.
Food quality is very good.
Good selection of foods, not many shortages of items.
The vegetable are not that good, but i'm not a big veggie guy so...
The fruit is fresh enough for me.
They do have a large section for hot foods and even coffee and ice cream (counter service).
Fortunately, the drinks were delicious enough to mollify my dismay at their rather cold customer service.
Their food court, pre-made meal section, and service counters are awesome!
They have an excellent deli and cheese selection and also have the best selection of clean cut meat in vegas.
The food here is tasty as well.
Oakville has plenty of options for a hostess gift and other trendy foods when you're looking to impress.
You can tell they take time and love with there food !
Delicious , hasn't changed and any time i'm in lv i will always stop here !
This place is the future of food.
This is how vegan food needs to be served.
All your fruit, veggies, and protein served in one healthy meal.
The delivery people are quick and professional and i live them!
This is your typical deli type style.
There is a line inside to order food.
Some of the prepared and frozen food entrees better than some restaurants food.
Section of half price food that will expire tomorrow ftw!
As sad as it is, food that is healthy and cheap has become oxymoronic.
Their prices are super low for the quality of food that you get.
They have the biggest selection of drinks, food, and a hot selection of food.
They have a pizza station that is absolutely delicious!
They have sushi, fruit, fresh squeezed juices, potato salads, sandwiches, a bakery, you name it!
Vons has "knocked it out of the ballpark" with home delivery.
Mocha was also delicious.
Prepped foods: i've celiac disease- wish they'd consider using the upstairs kitchen to prep gf foods.
Cheese and deli- i never leave there without a new cheese.
Much better than fry's the customer service at the deli is actually useful!
Typically in our house human food runs out at the same time pet food, so this makes me a happy.
I really enjoy going to a local fruit and vegetable market.
I love the fresh fruit and veggies they offer.
Their meat deli is always stocked.
Produces, seafood and meats are fresh especially during weekend.
Since it is in jewish neghbourhood, you will also find dedicated kosher food aisle here.
They now have a deli that makes sandwiches, and they've added a soup and an olive bar.
For organic shopping - i prefer whole foods and wild and fresh to the big carrot.
Artisanal foods is definitely the spot for my chef at home!
We walked up to this cute shop (with adorable chalkboard signs) just as a food tour was entering.
Tell them about the foods you are preparing for your next party.
There is always a line for the food that's how you know how good it is.
Prices for fresh vegetables and meat are the best in town.
The food is also pretty damn tasty!
This is a good store when i'm feeling eclectic or need specific food items i can't get elsewhere.
Nice veggies, and fruit - they offer a wide variety and often have the best price points.
Helps limit food waste and saves you money!
They have a small seating area if you want to eat your hot table food right away.
They have a cash out for dine-in food.
One of the best chinese / vietnamese food in montreal.
Very clean, tasty food.
The produce is usually fresh, and i  love the healthy snack-type foods.
I also love their prepared foods section.
I usually shop at whole foods in the u.s, but i hate the prices and how crowded they are.
(i am sad they stopped carrying the cajun salmon, it was delicious !!)
Nice selection of fresh veggies and fruit plus organic options.
So i tried the fried rice bowl was very delicious and the chilled noodle bowl.
My food boner went from 6 to midnight after walking in here.
When it comes to food, just keep it simple.
They have great offering and fresh vegetables.
A quality 24/7 korean supermarket wil fresh prepared foods, produce, and other snacks.
I enjoy eating at their  deli  sandwiches are fresh and delicious and very affordable.
They carry "restaurant-quality" foods.
Food is amazing, juices and coffee delish as well!
Bang for the buck and selection of non-gmo and organic foods is a positive of all trader joe's.
Great selection of fruits and veggies, wonderful employees, and the prices are great!
It's clean, open 24 hours, and offers a wide variety of produce and healthy foods.
I don't chop for meat so i can't vouch for their deli section, but it always looks busy.
They carry kombucha and other specialty health food products as well.
They also have a whole section geared toward natural foods.
I usually only buy a few days worth of food at a time, so this is a real time saver.
It's little old time grocery with a meat counter, vegetable/fruit case, deli, prepared foods and cafe.
My only complaint is that i have found expired food on the shelves multiple times.
Still very delicate and light.
Attention, comme il sagit de poisson et de fruits de mer, l'addition peut vite devenir coûteuse !
Always fresh food and great prices.
They have the best selection of fine wines, meats, gift baskets, breads, pastas and prepared foods.
They also offer an amazing meat and fish department, with fresh deliveries throughout the week.
One of my new finds is their deli and cheese section.
This is one of my weekend go to stops for wine, food and even just a little treat.
Amazing food at amazing prices.
The food is always good and they have a wide variety that will match pretty much anyone's taste.
-healthy options are the rule, not the exception.- hate eating processed foods?
-great prices.- many grocery stores sell food at exorbitant prices.
Food was great and the store and staff were very friendly.
The fruits and vegetables are fresher than anywhere else.
Plus the deli has wonderful options as well.
They have a nice selection of hard-to-find, packaged foods.
Their deli area seems like it could be better.
Hf is hard to beat for mediterranean and balkan food, but really, european in general is well served here.
They slip behind in asian or caribbean foods, but there are lots of other places for those.
Before i began grocery shopping, i tried the food.
Food court chinese food - it was great price and the food tasted really good.
Their fresh foods are on point!
You can generally get almost any fresh fruit pre-cut and packaged nicely.
The fruit is actually delicious, fresh, ripe, and well priced.
They also had pre-cut jackfruit for the longest time!
I really hope they start adding random pre-cut fruit.
Absolutely wonderful little italian deli!
I wish they'd get rid of a lot of the houseware items and stock more of the food items.
Anyways moving onto the food court.
Lots of selection of dim sum (which is mediocre), typical chinese food items and bbq meats and sushi.
They have such a wide variety of organic food to purchase!!
I've definitely tried plenty of their frozen asian food and quinoa burgers which are so good!!!
Stuck in vegas with car, feeling like crap in a dingy hotel room with no food.
So a friend who was visiting rescued me the first day and took me to whole foods.
Did i mention that i'm a vegan food snob?
An hour searching on my little nexus phone...and i find...anythinguwantdelivery!!!!
Anythinguwantdelivery saved my life!
Organic juice and yummy vegan food from my favorite little grocer: rainbow's end!
Don't depend on them to understand your order-their not waiters-they're an amazing delivery service!!
Thank you so much for saving me anythinguwantdelivery!
Bye bye wol mort with your small meat selection, overpriced foods and rinky dinky feel.
Lots of snacks and dried noodle packets, some frozen foods, and some beauty products.
They also had maki rolls available, like california, cucumber, vegetable, etc.
Food is very good.
Affordable, vegan / vegetarian , high end food and comfortable ambience with incredible service.
You don't feel super full afterwards and it's delicious.
My favorite thing about this place though is their food menu made to order.
Always great food and friendly people.
Mario's soul food is pretty awesome to be inside of a grocery store.
However, i like to see my food first, especially if i've never gone.
Fresh baked bread and donuts are especially delicious and donuts are buy 12/get 6 free on fridays!
The cakes are cheap, delicious, and better than any bakery.
The salads and cooked foods are good, too!
The food is all really fresh and brightly displayed.
Food samples to promote different items they sell.
And produce place: keep it up with the organic and local foods, too.
Though i might consider an offer...of one of those 5-pound bags of frozen fruit.
And they have a delivery option.
G's fine foods has saved my butt a million times.
The store has great deli area and tons of different items on there case.
Niceys food is usually really good.
It's great when you're on the go and just need a delicious meal.
-formocha milk tea - delicious.
It still gets 5 stars for the food and service :)
The food is tasty, freshly cooked and very affordable prices.
I will recommend lovers of indian food to check this place.
The meat, fruit, and vegetable sections are the best.
All in all great food at great prices (6.95 for combo #2 + $0.70 for the roti) and delicious flavours.
Almost everything i've had from there is delicious and reasonably priced.
As long as you use that food item that day, it works out to be a good deal.
Each sandwich comes with a choose-your-own side dish and a pickle slice...all for less than many fast food joints.
Actually, i've had mostly positive experiences on the prepared or semi-prepared foods.
Many organics priced at a premium ala whole foods.
Also, a good selection of foods and wine.
The food arrives family style and is meant for sharing in large groups.
It's affordable, delicious and fresh.
Health food and other region items can be affordable!
This grocery store carries a good selection of ethnic goods and food stuff from the east coast.
On top of my discovery, they have a nice food court.
Brennan's has the best fruit at any store in madison, period.
I really appreciate that they always have samples available--you know that the fruit, cheese, etc.
Festival foods is open 5 am - 12 am.
*very* nice artisan cheese selection, the whole deli will blow you away.
Use the sobey's across the street for prepared food, but get everything else here!
Sri lankan food here is delicious and i think it's pretty authentic.
Pretty good store for japanese food, refreshments, sweets, kitchenware and all things japanese.
We go here all the time whenever we have a hankering to make japanese food at home.
A great supermarket for fresh produce, bread, and deli meats.
I prefer this place to whole foods any day.
However the meat department and seafood departments pretty good.
I've been here a handful of times and i am always happy with my food.
Another serendipitous moment in my food and travel finds repertoire.
Speaking of fine arts museums, this store suits that genre, for the art of food display.
Food they sell beer here.
.... but the best thing here.. is their hipster food.
Their food may be labeled a certain way, but earl's grocery offers a twist to everything.
We recently discovered their steak tacos...pretty delicious as well.
Winco dog food is the best bargain in the world!
Two, there are "bulk foods" canisters which are dead center in the middle of the store.
Food court is amazing!
They have asian, middle eastern and western foods, price is good, quality is good!
I love their shawarma, my kids like sushi and wife likes the asian food.
3 stars only because i think their fruits are not fresh.
They have an amazing selection of organic foods as well as a great section of traditional and grass fed meats.
The prices are great too, especially on seasonal fruit and vegatables.
I feel that the area that needs improvement, though, is the fruits and vegetables.
Kinda strange to say that, especially for an organic and healthy food grocery store such as sprouts.
It immediately reminded me of food 4 less.
They have everything from coffee, nuts, candy, spices, flour, peanut butter, dog food etc.
I do almost all my food shopping at this giant eagle.
There is a big selection of different foods.
I love the food co-op.
M&m has a wide selection of fantastic meats like bacon-wrapped filet mignon and delicious strip loins.
Great deli, butcher shop area.
The bakery section is nice, we picked up some fresh bagels that are so moist and delicious.
Besides the large supermarket area, you still have your juice bar, bakery, deli, and tortilleria stations within the store.
The juice bar is tasty, with fresh concoctions of strawberry and watermelon juices, or a fresh fruit smoothie.
I am often here for a quick lunch at the cardenas deli, especially when they run their weekly specials.
I am probably there for food at least 5-6 times a month.
The prices on cooked food go down between 30-50%.
The korean side dishes are soo delish.
They are also a major wholesale food supplier to local las vegas italian restaurants.
Although i may sound like i work for siena foods, nothing can be further from the truth.
I was expecting something along the lines of a food city.
The prepared foods area is amazing.
The meat and seafood sections were very clean and had a great variety.
Food was good and the atmosphere is very clean, friendly and cheerful.
Both delish.wish i had had more time to browse the specialty groceries.
Also a deli counter and plentiful selections of cheeses.
We are so pleased with the service we got from erik in the pizza deli area .
Screw you whole foods.
I love your delish produce that is so dirt cheap and you always, always have the cheapest yummiest avocados.
Good food and good prices...that's all that really matters!
Loved the service, the availability of the pc products,  fresh veggies and fruit and the homemade breads.
Theres a bakery, hot food line, butcher, and salad bar, and the selection of wines and cheeses is good too.
Sometimes i get fruit too.
I went straight to the back of the market where they served the hot food.
They charge by the pound here just like smiths or albertsons would charge you where the hot food is.
(just to be clear, i would never eat at any other grocery store's deli section.
I am able to eat the delicious, nutritious foods my family and i love while keeping within my budget.
Best place for grabbing food for big parties, work events, cookouts, and other such large gatherings.
), fresh tortillas and chips, plenty of salsas, and fresh fruits and salads.
Cardenas is really a great option to have for large amounts of low priced, good food.
Not really impressed with the food.
I rang the bell at the prepared foods counter and no one was around to staff it.
Glazier's has some great selections in the international food section.
I heard the food is very good , and reasonanbly priced
I've ordered bulk green tea, dried fruit and flowers to make my own tea at home for over 5 years.
They've also expanded beyond just fruits & veggies and now offer a bakery and deli counter.
The guy behind the deli wanted to know how my day was going.
Went out of her way to help us (deli) on a busy thrusday.
Winco  is a regular full selection grocery store with a deli, meat dept, bakery and florist and liquor department.
Just served stuffed shells for super bowl and they were delicious.
They have everything you need seafood counter, meat counter.
I love the extended hot food and salad bar this location has.
Went on a friday evening for the food truck festival at the unknown brewery.
Nice vibe, huge variety on tap, good snack foods.
Nothing beats the cheap prices for the quanity and quality of food.
I love the deli section and the liquor section.
Good selection of organic and non organic food.
Good selection of meats, dairy, seafood and alcohol
The soup is also delicious and the crepes are great (huge though - we always share).
It is vast, always well stocked, great variety, amazing prices and the fruit is not old or beat up.
The produce prices here cannot be beat and is a great incentive to eat more fruits and veggies.
The meat and cheese/salsa/deli counters are also amazing.
Everything looks so delicious and fresh.
The chips are a must though, they're freshly made, thick and delicious.
I will also be trying the deli meats for lunch sandwiches.
There cheese, deli, ready foods and bakery all have delicious and month watering options.
I usually get my supplements from whole foods instead of my naturopath because its cheaper.
Overall, whole foods is a great place to shop.
Best meat and seafood selection in town.
We love the ready made foods and bakery.
The owner was delightful and gave us free caramels.
The quality of the food and the presentation was amazing.
Ordered:  vegetable samosas, 4 for $1.
If you like spicy food, come here!!!
I wish the deli would look more appealing.
I generally skip over it and then stop at hyvee or hilldale sentry for my deli items.
This place is a gold mine for any true foodie!
Interesting food, tons of east coast favorites, a great deli and nice selection of grocery staples.
This store is so much better then food city.
Love the different areas of mexican foods you can purchase.
If you like soul food, you'll love this place.
Sometimes i even eat there and devour my food at the little tables they have inside.
Regardless, i'll always come here when i'm in the mood for authentic mexican food.
The fresh tortillas, the meat selections, breads, and cheap prices on fruits and vegetables.
I'm not worried about some other countries' food contaminating everything else on the shelf.
Meat is a lot cheaper and better looking than other stores, even better than whole foods and earth fare imho.
Vegetables are better taken care of in transit.
The selection of fresh seafood, offal and hard-to-find produce (counted 5 different kinds of yams and sweet potatoes today!)
The rialto was soooo delicious!
The granola with fruit super generous too.
The cheapest fruits and veggies you will ever find!
The other store on sahara has more variety, like jackfruit, but this place is closer to where i live.
However, looking at the selection and quality of the meat and prepared foods, these far surpassed t&t.
Favorite grocery store to shop at--high quality items, rarely a line at check out, and delicious samples.
Everyone knows whole foods sells organic but expensively.
The little store with the bakery and deli are awesome.
During the day you can still sit in the restaurant but you order from the deli.
We didn't have the best service when we had dinner and the food was just ok.
My fit foods has changed my life!
I hate cooking for one and laura makes it so easy to order my food for the week.
Always lots of things on sale, good deli selections, great wild caught fresh fish at a great price.
The soups they have in the deli are all 10s!
Think whole foods but cheaper.
Healthy food, food that is usually hard to find elsewhere, and the avril café is pretty tasty!
I recommend this place for anyone who wants to eat healthy and shop healthy food!
The seafood section has a large variety of fish, and always stocked with the critters appropriate to the season.
Even a very small section of cooked foods indigenous to the taiwan province.
My favourite is the main cooked take-away food canteen area where the food is just bloody delicious.
There's a food court if your not going anywhere.
I love this place man...i can't review this place anymore...i'm going to get some food now, cause it's open late!
The sandwiches were delicious - hot, cheesy and the breakfast meat was excellent.
Lately they have been stocking their goods with more and more gluten free and alternative type foods.
Great for snacks, bottles of water, or vegetables and fruit.
Next time when i stop by i am going to check out the grocer next door (nicey's food mart).
Probably the best store in the area to buy organic, sustainable, and high quality food, supplements, and body care products.
Clean, excellent customer service, always stocked, many food options, and not too crowded.
Both were delicious, i will be back.
They delivered healthy meals to my hotel quickly and on short notice.
Highly recommend for for food delivery - reasonable prices and no minimum for the items ordered.
Food is good and i've tried a bunch of them.
The staff is so friendly, the food is fresh made to order, and everything comes out in a timely manner.
The food always tastes great, and o am always a happy customer!
I ordered a few dishes to be delivered; they were conscientious with my notes about allergies, which is a plus.
Meats are fresh and amazing the sales they run on deli cheese you cant find anywhere eles around here.
This is my kind of real mexican food and products!
It is my new place to go for food, great prices and great selection.
The grocery store is pretty inexpensive and they have a good selection of food.
Don't forget to stop and get some of their fresh salsa, the guac is delicious.
Beach foodland is an awesome supermarket and it's unfortunate that it's further away from my home than valumart.
Has all the hispanic foods and ingredients and spices u could need and cheap produce.
Their food is unique and delicious.
Located in killarney, francesco's italian food store & deli carries everything for that italian inside of you.
One of the best deli staff around!
I just wish they'd do sustainably fished seafood and organic meat.
The only thing that i miss is the fresh juice section that whole foods has...
Probably 2-3 times cheaper than whole foods!
A really neat grocery store with some uncommon food items.
I have not eaten anything from the deli or pre-made food aside from the soup which was okay.
Had a leg of lamb last week which was excellent quality and delicious.
Great bread section and real good soups at the prepared food counter.
So i ordered the fruit basket last night to pick up today at noon, was it ready?
No, chinatown is the only place i can get live seafood!!
This is a spot for seafood lovers who don't care about decor or service beyond the basics.
Food is mostly what i care about so i was pleasantly surprised after passing this restaurant probably over 100 times.
I started at the fruit section.
Everything at this location was nice and clean and adequately stocked on the shelves with products and food items.
I really like the deli sandwiches but i wish the line moved more quickly, especially during lunch.
Plus the raw cracker was delicious!
Maybe it was what i ordered, but their food is not really my taste.
:( second wish is that they would have an online store of the non perishable foods.
I drive from okotoks to do my grocery shopping at save on foods seton.
Even have some nice natural food choices/brands.
Variety of options of healthy & delicious meals for my super busy on the go lifestyle!
I haven't tried the food court located inside but it looks awesome.
Great selection on meats and vitamins!the deli is all boar's head which i love!
The kettle chips in the mix makes it truly unique and delicious!
What i would recommend is checking out glazier's for their usually very cheap produce and their awesome deli.
They offer a lot of unique, hard to find items, and as i mentioned, their deli is amazing.
The deli is one of the nicest i've seen in a grocery store.
I love their steaks and chicken, they are hormone and antibiotic free, their seafood is also sustainable.
I liked the metal plate that all of this food was served.
There was no lettuce,  but instead homemade aged cheese that is very good and delicate.
I've never had vegan or vegetarian food at a restaurant before, so this was an interesting experience.
They have an awesome selection of things to pick from and everything looks delicious!
The produce (veggies not fruit) is not as fresh as what you'd find at btrust, another grocery store in mississauga.
I couldn't get over the variety of ethnic food for this area.
If i lived in phoenix, i imagine i'd be at the phoenix ranch market's food court constantly.
I wanted to pick up dinner since this grocery store has a great hot ready to go prepared food section.
I've never noticed fruit flies.
Prices of sprouts farmer's market were less costly than that of whole foods.
The quality of their prepared items tastes healthy and delicious.
Their food selection is huge.
This market place has a bakery, butcher, deli, and an ice cream/gelato place.
One of the best fruit/veg grocers along bloor between bathurst and christie, for sure.
Wonderful little store that has a great selection of groceries, spices, indian staples, and fresh produce along with pre-prepared food.
Biggest criticism is that sometimes the fruit is nasty!
Well,  this safeway has a killer deli and bakery.
Fresh, reasonably priced, and utterly delicious.
Intimate market in a small shopping center next to m&m's soul food restaurant.
The 42 ingredients salad is delicious, light yet filling, and always fresh.
Wonderful place of imbibable  delights.
It's a small bakery/deli/market specializing in armenian food.
Amazing and very reasonably priced seafood.
The fish was fresh and delicious and well seasoned !
As you walk in, they have a couple of outside food vendors selling korean waffle freshly made.
This store has a beautiful prepared foods area, and you can sample all of the prepared foods before buying.
), they reduce all prepared food prices substantially.
In the back of the store is a 'food fair' consisting of about 8 stands/counters, with a generous seating area.
A great thing about living in the christie pits area is the bloor fruit market.
Find bloor fruit market open all year long at the corner of bloor and manning.
Also, they have a great ready to eat food section too.
If you go to the hua long market food should be your main goal, not the shopping experience.
Lots of whole food based items.
They make lots of their own brand products, many of which are very good and delicious.
It opened just a few years ago, nice variety of asian food.
Some of the foods at bestco do not have sticker of when they made it.
They also have seafood, beef, and all sorts of other goodies.
Amaranth is a great natural and whole foods store.
You can imagine my shock and surprise when i found a whole section dedicated to gluten-free foods.
Amaranth has a wide selection of every natural and organic food you can think of.
A must stop destination for calgary food lovers.
It doesn't look like much but the food is great.
The girl in the deli was attentive and apologetic.
The chicken was fresh, delicious and juicy.
I would recommend this walmart deli to any one who wants to place a big order.
Only discovered whole foods in the summer of 2015.
Organic fruits, well the apples are worth the extra 50 cents, the mushrooms too.
This is real, butcher shop, bakery, salsa, tortillas, seafood and prepared foods.
But i'm predisposed to calling it "(w)holy foods".
So, sure...i might not go here for my staples, but whole foods certainly features regularly on my shopping roster.
The vegetables were cheap (hard, chewy broccoli stalks) and due to the range of vegetable types they didn't cook evenly.
He would marvel at the enormity of the store and the selection of food items.
Really recommend the food here.
The people are usually nice and the hot brand food and stuff is great.
Good selection of not your average type fruit and vegetables which i always appreciate.
Higher than average grocery-store prepared food available.
Good selection of dark chocolate ... reasonable dairy case but its the fruit and vegetables which are above-average here.
My troy hill turkey was delicious.
They have a wide variety of food products in their grocery section.
A decent selection of organic and vegetarian groceries without the wholefoods "rapeme" pricing.
Nice deli, good selection of cheeses, wine and spirits.
They have the standard hippy-dippy stuff like nuts, dried fruit, spices, granola ingredients, nut butters, and spelt.
Their fruit selection is unmatched in dane county.
It's nice to buy great tasting fruit that isn't spoiled one day later.
This is the go to stop for any and all organic food you can possibly attain in toronto.
My parents are big on eating organic and natural foods so we frequent here a lot.
Over the past few years, mario's has been making improvements to its hot food line, ordering process, and dining area.
Speaking of the meals, the food here is always so tasty and very consistent in quality.
The sides are also really delicious and full of flavor.
Served up with vegan crepe and fruits.
I got a sandwich, crepe, and fruit smoothie, all came out to be under $30.
Hands down the best seafood place i've been to in montreal, especially if you love freshly prepared seafood.
Think of this place as a seafood market.
Food : great service :fast ambiance : casual worth the price : yes
The tacos here are pretty good, and the prices and amount of food are pretty good.
Publix knows customer service, fresh food, and convenience!
Another reason their customer service is awesome...they let you return any foods you're not satisfied with.
The food and cleanliness is always on point!
They also offer fresh sushi and hot asian food ready to eat.
Coupons for yummy bottles of deliciousness?
We each got tacos i had lengua,carnitas & carne asada very delicious!
Some of the yummiest food ever and definitely the best service!!!!
I'll admit, after seeing food inc.
Rowe also has locally grown vegetables and prepared foods from sabor latino as well.
It is a bit expensive at $11 but it is healthy and delicious.
The soup is usually delicious, though once or twice we've had misses.
And the pet food store right across the street.
I love the selection of organic all-natural foods here.
Original creations of cold deli sandwiches, warm soups and an amazing crisp salad bar too!
Good food, some great prices, free coffee and other samples.
They have fresh produce: fruits & vegetables!
They also have a decent selection of meats, seafood, cheeses and cold cuts.
I enjoy their dips and their roasted red pepper hummus- delicious!
:(  i will miss their deli, and their varying sales from sprouts!
I love their organic foods section.
Delicious food & everyone was so friendly.
Obviously i'd rather give my money to a co-operative than to the owners of amazon (looking at you, whole foods).
It's our communities' health food store, but also draws customers from as far away as buffalo, ny.
Or compare it to trader joe's and whole foods?
However, they are smack dab in the middle of trader joes, and whole foods.
A step up from trader joe's, but missing the boat when compared to whole foods.
I will eat at there food court if i happen to be hungry when there.
I prefer the food court at whole foods by leaps and bounds.
Glazier's is dunkin donuts, and whole foods is starbucks basically.
More high end and exotic foods and brands.
Like other locations, they have an excellent selection of chinese/taiwanese foods.
The produce section is ok, sometimes they have very fresh thailand mangos and fruits other stores don't carry.
The hot foods, i'm not sure what they put in it as i always don't feel well after eating.
I live in the states and we have some really nice whole foods locations.
I drink mostly alkaline water and whole foods seem to be the only grocery store in mississauga that sells it.
Every trip isn't complete without a sapsucker maple tree water which i've only seen at whole foods.
The hot bar food can be pricey but the different mac & cheese dishes are all amazing.
The gelato station is delicious.
I love their international selection of foods too.
But it turned out so nice and it was delicious, and i don't even eat sweets.
Also another recent find in this wonderful food mecca the ny potato salad.
It tasted exactly how it did in the delis in ny.
Delicious breakfast sandwich, smooth iced vanilla latte and creamy hot chocolate.
Lots of imported food stuffs, olive oils, pastas, cookies, many of which are baked on the premises.
Ps the frozen pasta looks delicious!
Chinese food is what i grew up on.
It's in many cases my comfort food.
It's that delish  55- hong kong noodles with beef.
If all vegetables tasted this good maybe i should be a vegetarian!
I can eat an entire bag of the junk food popcorn in one sitting.
I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered turkish delights.
I come here for two reasons, gluten free foods and spectacular fresh produce.
Food is always good and the caramel muffins are the best muffins you'll ever eat in your entire life.
It's very delicious italian bread and the best from safeway.
We tried an admittedly large amount of treats and they were all just delicious.
It is somehow light yet delicious and satisfying at the same time.
Okay, their vegan superfruit muffin for .99cents in their bakery is deeeelish!
Great place to pop in for coffee, eat breakfast or lunch, or do some local food shopping!
I love their commitment to unique food items.
Loved my superfoods salad (kale, brussels sprouts, quinoa, carrots, cranberries, pecans) and salmon.
Way smaller than whole food.
Third - it pricey, but good food.
Cheaper than whole food tho.
Trader joes carries so many foodie friendly products, no other grocery store can compare.
I was very impressed with the quality of the food.
The store is pretty clean, including the seafood and meat section.
I swear, i've never dreamt about eating food in my dreams, that was just weird.
Delivery by grubhub i was really craving mediterranean chicken with rice and a salad, so gave these guys a try.
The food came in time and the driver was nice and professional.
I ordered a slice of pepperoni and sausage pizza ($1.75) and it was delicious.
There are other food items as well such as stromboli's, pasta, sandwiches, and even homemade lasagna.
I love to buy my food all the time.
The food is always healthy and reasonably priced.
I love their deli and produce section.
Their ready made, buffet food is excellent.
I was shopping here mainly for some breakfast items (bread, fruit, & juice) along with some gatorade.
They have a huge deli selection and a ton of olives available.
They also have some harder to find items that heinens or whole foods don't carry.
The dough is just delicious.
This place was probably the best southern food i have tried west of louisiana hands down.
Its a great food, made with high quality ingredients you can say right from the first bite.
Trader joe's has great prices, healthy food, and things you won't find anywhere else.
This is definitely not the whole foods experience.
Great bakery, deli and pharmacy.
The vegetables were fresh & i was surprised to find so many choices of fish... albeit frozen.
Bought the vegan chocolate protein powder mix-wow it's delicious and the candy cane marshmallows are so yummy :)
We're regulars at this foody.
We often get cooked meals, brown rice, black rice, fruits and veggies.
Food never has  disappointed me at this location yet.
Everything was delicious and sauces we're fresh.
Food is always fresh, the employees are always smiling, helpful and actually greet you.
Excellent selection of asian products (tea, candies, sauces, fresh produce, frozen foods).
The waiter will bring your food to you.
Always good to double check the bill for the food items you actually ordered!
Lots of imported food stuffs, olive oils, pastas, cookies, many of which are baked on the premises.
Everything was delicious, especially the flat bread!
I was quite pleased with the food here.
Obviously with this setup they support locally grown foods.
They also store frozen goods like homemade/locally made empanadas, pet food, other vegetarian pies or rolls, etc.
In the centre of the store youll find fresh, sometimes organic fruit and veggies.
It basically takes over-productions or imperfect food items and sells them at cheap prices.
Best specialty food store in madison.
Fabulous fruit and cheese samples.
But the fruit and cheese is superb.
Mustard seed's prepared foods are definitely much better, as is their restaurant.
Their mock chicken salad from the deli is my personal favorite thing there, even if it is a bit pricey.
Order first and have your food delivered to your table or fetch it yourself.
The food is so fresh.
I also just love the variety of foods: ethnic foods, a fabulous organic selection and everything pretty dang cheap.
My favorite thing about this store is you can find food from other regions!
I was shocked to find some of these foods at my local glazier's.
The deli is absolutely top notch featuring boar's head meats and cheeses.
I have ordered many party trays from them including fruit, veggie, cracker/meat, and shrimp.
The selection of fruits and salads are great.
They have a great variety of made to order food, think panda express however all soul food entrees and sides.
Everything ranging from chitlins, ox tails, pork chops fried chicken, yams, cabbage, mac n cheese, and delicious peach cobbler.
The delivery guy even knocked lightly instead of hitting the door bell because he wanted to be polite.
A byow with delicious dishes.
I would definately recommend their loc lac beef , beef papaya salad and their seafood soup.
Try the food as it will not disappoint.
Very juicy and delicious.
Best soul food i've had in vegas yet, long lines but well worth the wait..
I usually get the catfish w/o bone, mac n cheese and greens but the candied yams are just as delicious.
I agree with clint b. that their seafood selection is impressive!...
Not only their seafood but their selection of baked goods, bbq sauces, international and vegan products, etc.
Seems that the prices are cheaper than whole foods and trader joe's.
There are several high-tops and seating at the bar area with orderable food.
The hummus is also delicious.
And the prices are good, especially when you take into account how much food you get.
The food sold in the front of the store is just as tasty.
The people who own this place are obviously ethical/sustainable-minded and also want to make food accessible.
My housemates can't believe how much healthy food i'm always cooking, and how little i spend on groceries.
Perfect for flight crew..like me... or singledom.. :-).. fresh veggies, fruit..
From spices, to chocolates, to animal food, there is something for everyone.
I go to trader joe's for their frozen food and iced tea.
The deli sandwiches are outstanding!
Beware of expired milk, diary, and baby food products on the shelf.
The night before we left i found artisanal foods and called to see how early they opened the next day.
Mmmmm, meaty, cheesy, ricey, salsa deliciousness!
The food is very authentic, delicious, and cheap!
Glazier's is costco, mariana's, lee's, whole foods, and international marketplace all rolled into one!
Food is always made to order.
Good bakery and deli.
I get most of my food from here.
But they have a good selection of foods and coffees if you are nearby and want something a little healthier.
Their food selection is on point!
The food can be very spicy so watch out.
They have a prepared foods counter that clearly shows all the ingredients and allergens in the foods (thank you!)
To be honest i don't really care about organic foods, as much as i want it to be all natural.
I cannot say enough good about artisanal foods.
At this time people where coming in and ordering wine and food.
The big carrot specializes in "health," which covers food, health and beauty products as well as books.
In the grocery section, you can find pretty much any type of specialty health food.
There food is good here.
Real neat place, lots of specialty food items.
There is a food court in the back and it offers basically everything imaginable.
They have a sushi area, a bakery and they also have already made food from side dishes to fried chicken.
Whole foods is also my go-to spot when i don't feel like cooking.
Very reasonably priced as well :)   i could honestly spend hours browsing the aisles at whole foods!
The food is always fresh and tasty.
Loved the boars head deli, you can have goodies catered, all fresh ham/cheese platter or even chicken-wing platter!
Great italian market and deli.
Great deli, and prepared and frozen foods.
They have a huge selection of delicious meats and a vast array of beautiful chilles.
The vegetables and fruits and very fresh and delicious!
We are mexican food lovers, so this is a heaven for us.
The prices for food are affordable.
I don't even eat pre-processed foods most of the time and i can find good stuff here.
The deli lunch bar has an array of choices ranging from delicious burgers to even tasty noodle bowls.
This is my favorite place for veggies & fruits.
I've seen more seafood dishes here than in any other south-indian or tamil places.
They're delicious, filling, fresh, and under four dollars a bag.
The 98-cent vegetable bags.
While they don't have a massive selection, they still have tons of unique, fun, tasty foods & drinks.
They have bulk bins, lots of beautiful produce, and great alternative styled foods.
If your looking for organic food and groceries this is the place.
Pretty great selection of fruit, including some of the nicest mandarin oranges this last winter.
I've tried their passion fruit and other fruity teas however, i wasn't a fan of those.
The three of us ordered separate small plates to share - calamari, pork belly sliders, seafood dip.
The new building has a bakery and deli, along with the fresh veggies that they have always carried.
Deli meat is probably $1-$2 cheaper then giant eagle and its sliced fresh.
The breads being put out by the bakery looked delicious.
While you're there, do yourself and your friends a favor and order the meat plate and the fruit/cheese plate.
They seem to have a different special everyday and it's not old food.
It's super busy here so the food moves quickly.
I am not a fan of thier seafood or meats, but that's just a personal preference.
Fresh meats and produce with sometime some unique exotic fruits.
I really like how this store has three full aisles for these foods.
The sweet deals they have on meats seafood, and poultry etc.etc.
First time i went here i really thought it was another whole foods type place.
They also have a wide selection of prepared food.
They have a nice premade food section.
They even have a list of vegan foods that you can ask for to save you time while shopping.
Love the ready-to-eat food and the grocery selection.
The food is excellent.
I don't think i'll go to wholefoods anymore since sprouts is so much closer to where i live.
Super fast service, always fresh and delicious.
Ok, no candlestick maker, but they have a fish monger, a pharmacy and a deli.
The deli case has a very nice variety of specialty meats and cheeses, mostly consisting of the brand boars head.
For all of you pa/nj/ny'ers they sell taylor's pork roll at the deli!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So sorry to all of the yelpers who are interested in seafood, mama don't play that game.
Love this deli at smiths.
Well-stocked with lots of options; pricing seemed better overall than mustard seed or whole foods.
Good seafood place offering grilled with garlic and olive oil or fried options.
Plus the food is so much better!
I filled a cart with food for about $50.
The bulk foods section is by far the greatest i've encountered compared to other grocers.
Rows full of different types/flavors of nuts, trail mix, dried fruit, chocolate covered nuts, candy, flour, rice, and grains.
Deli/bakery is clean, stocked, organized, and fresh day of products.
I'll be sure to get my healthy grocery foods here in the future!
Great place to shop and to follow a vegan lifestyle...no poser like foods (ie.
I definitely need to get out here more often to get more healthy foods for my diet.
The fruits and veggies are amazing and fresh.
Cant wait to go back.....fresh, clean, delicious and inexpensive...
Beautiful, fresh food right in kensington market.
Most of the menu is vegan, and the desserts are delicious.
Also, a lot of armenian produce in the market (delivered from armenia).
Yeah, bad we're junkfood people, but we like the goooddd stuff and can't help it.
However, i will be back to try the cooked food due to all the great reviews.
I asked if delivery could be arranged, and he offered to deliver it himself, at no charge.
That afternoon it was delivered, and i had my new table and chairs on the patio!
If you are looking a good piece of meat, you won't be disappointed at totera fine foods.
Totera has prepared food and hot tables, all you do is to heat them up!
First and foremost, the food here is exquisite.
The crepes are all so delicious--though my favourite is the vegan mozzarella with tomato, basil, and spinach.
Delicious sandwich with some of the best seitan we've ever had!
It's a one stop shop for any of your specialty grocery/food needs.
Produce area is kept clean, have yet to come across a rotten piece of fruit.
Neat and unique variety of food products.
However, mariana's is great for all of your mexican food needs!
It was tasty, just like real, home cooked food.
I love the fact that some of the fresh fruit tells you where it was from.
Seafood section if great as well.
I haven't tried thier deli meat yet.
Also thier baby food procedes and pet procedes go back to the comnuity to support rescues and shelters.
Good prices on meats n seafood and even frozen meals that r microwave ready.
They are simply prepared for sure professionalism every time.absolutely spontaneity delicious....
I like that they don't cram their food full of preservatives!
There are aisles and aisles of all sorts of oriental foods.
This ht has whole foods vibes.
Trader joe's is a great place to get healthy/gourmet foods at comparable prices.
Love the new fry's, specifically the deli and sushi area!!!
I like the more open layout, selection was fab and bulk foods was excellent.
The food was fresh, home cooked and extremely flavorful!!
I shop here 4-5 times a week, good selection of health foods and the staff are very friendly, highly recommend!
The food is one thing that makes craft such a wonderful experience.
The ice cream sandwiches are divine, but they also offer deli sandwiches if you're looking for more substance.
They have a wide variety of fresh made desserts, food items, and lovely wines.
I live between here and metro and i definitely prefer to get my fruits and veggies from here!
Actually, this time i'd like to focus on their prepared food items/pizza/salad bar/gelato.
I have tried the pepperoni roll-ups, swedish meatballs, and some other easy prep items from mrs. g's prepared food area.
My fingers want to keep piling vegetables in my to-go container when i'm around thee.
It was a big delivery and were very timely and took care of everything.
I would give 6 stars if i could since homemade pizza will be so much more convenient no more delivery.
I would give the food a 5 but the espresso a 2.
This mexican grocery store smells delicious when you enter - there's fresh baked goods and savory meals cooked inside.
All of the gluten-free foods are clearly labeled with tags (similar to sale tags).
Fruits are fresh too.
Both locations and even back in the seventh st and the one on 521 with the raw milk delivery.
There's a food court, with seating, where you can order various meals.
You buy your own food then can eat there feels like a picnic .
The deli is amazing.
Nice salad bar with hot food too.
Quite a bit of pre-packaged food to grab 'n go.
Their prepared foods are convenient and usually have recognizable ingredients, which i appreciate.
Maple produce is one of my favourite fruit markets on roncesvalles.
It's also right beside sobeys, many bakeries, and an organic health food store if you need more staples.
The fruit and veggies were absolutely beautiful and delicious.
They have good sweets and desserts but not all their food is tasty.
Maybe i can watch korean tv at the food court(japanese, korean) and learn some korean.
Mark at the seafood counter was very helpful.
And that i can get the right kind of organic red delicious apples again :/.
When my friend told me about glazier's food marketplace, i was so excited.
Glazier's also houses a variety of quality foods from the midwest and east coast.
Boar's head deli meat is where it's at!
That's the first thing i do is go to those order terminals next to the deli.
There's always some blowout deal going on daily, so check frequently for must go fruits and vegs.
The hot food section is larger with a wide variety of food to pick.
When i found glaziers i was excited to find hawaiian food + a ton of organic and international items.
They have a fresh bakery and an awesome boars head deli counter as well.
You can order your deli meat through their app or on the computer system in front of the counter.
With organic produce, vegan meat substitutes, fresh baked goodies, lovely dried fruits, nuts and a variety of nut butters.
I will continue to shop at publix, best bang for my buck and the best selection of foods!
As stated in previous yelp reviews, there are no deli or bakery sections.
Love this store of whole foods!
It is clean, the food is fresh and they have an awesome sushi variety.
Shapiro's had all kinds of great deli items for sale.
First of all, what a selection in their seafood department!!
I've never seen monkfish anywhere, and at $7 a pound, we got 4 pieces and had a delightful lunch.
Excellent food, very filling, great customer service.
The salads are delicious.
The latte was excellent and the panini was delicious.
The food is delicious.
So if you don't like to eat sweet food, you don't need to worry and also can have a try.
They also have a juice bar in which they will make you drinks with any type of fruit or veggie.
Meat is good, even the seafood.
Their vegetables are perfectly fine, but they almost always have a horrible fruit selection.
Good food, great patio.
As for the food:   i got the blt sliders, which don't have bacon, but pork belly.
They also now have a wide variety of foods and brands.
Harvest market has a huge variety of organic foods.
We both had a salad, it was super filling and delicious.
I love the variety of foods they have, and love to stock up when we can at any location.
Also, website is hilarious "deliver everything except hookers and blow."
The lines are long, but everything else, great prices, friendly staff, a little food court, and homemade tortillas served hot!
The prices of fruit, veg, and bulk foods here is great compared to other organic/farmers market type stores.
Delicious food, delicious beer, delicious atmosphere.
The food is really good as well.
I love browsing through whole foods and i could do it for hours.
Their fish and meat are fresh and there are so many different types of healthy snacks and foods.
They offer a wide range of ready-to-eat foods such as a salad, soup, hot food bar.
Their summer kale salad is delicious!
If you're into holistic medicine or supplements, whole foods offers it as well.
They offer most of the basics, but they are pricier than other health food stores such as healthy planet.
If you are buying a lot, i would recommend you to go to another health food store.
The prepared food is excellent offering a vast selection of ready to heat meals incorporating very top-quality ingredients.
I appreciate that the store is always clean and the deli department is above and beyond on customer service.
They sell sliced meats, fresh vegetables, seaweed, gochujang, ice cream, and other things you would find in a korean market.
I like that they have most of the things i need from raw material to prepared food.
I'll definitely be back to order more food because of the exceptional customer service from her.
They have a mochi freezer- which is similar to the one at whole foods.
Far and away the best mexican food in middleton and a very strong contender for best anywhere in madison.
Incredibly friendly staff, fresh and delicious food, deeply complex and pleasing flavors; i can't ask for more.
I got blood oranges, valencia oranges, cara caras, meyer lemon, and red grapefruit.
It's nice to have options and be able to experiment with new interesting foods.
But what you save at the register at smiths and albertsons is sacrificed in quality of the food and service.
If you want quality without the high price of whole foods, this is the place!
Prices at the deli/cheese counter are very good.
Cheap filling  and delicious.
Fruits and veggies are some of the cheapest in town.
Every fresh and easy product i have tried has been delicious.
Cali native i know authentic good mexican food.
Always good service and great deals on organic, good food.
Looking for asian condiments, rice, vegetables, fresh and dried noodles etc., then this is the place to shop.
The seafood department had a great selection, with good prices and no fishy stink.
Someone was tending to these items all the time and the food was kept at safe temperatures.
This is now my number one food destination and i hope they maintain their high standards.
It's my favorite place to buy organic food.
They have tons of different prepared foods you can take home and a huge salad bar.
They have lots of great gourmet brands and delicious prepared foods.
This is kind of like a whole foods market.
Overall in my opinion they have great food and a nice market.
Food is good and the service is so polite and friendly and they deserved a nice tip.
Lol yummy, what a delicious surprise!!
Hot dog+drink deal at the food counter.
I had to go to whole foods to complement total wine's selection.
Their deli counter has fresh mediterranean take out containers and they also have a small fresh breads section and bakery.
Really everything you need to make a fresh and delicious meal.
At the counter they have small mini breads for sale that are very delicious.
They have so many delicious craft beer choices.
Wow, that's a delicious beer!
A wide assortment of asian vegetables and fish/seafood.
I want to hate it for not being trader joe's, for not being whole foods, for not being mustard seed.
The meat/seafood case is pretty good, i still prefer my butcher if i have the time however.
We seem to make a bi-weekly pilgrimage here to keep the top shelf stocked with delicious-ness.
This is my go to spot for high quality fine foods.
You can find a lot of variety of korean products here, include for food to household products.
What i'm not impressed by is their seafood.
The salad bowl was also a bright, light and delightful!
They also have a  natural and organic section of food, snacks and groceries.
They're beauty products are awesome, most of their vegetables and meats are affordable.
They have washed fruit and veggies right there for us to try in the store!
The first thing you see is their huge food court with take out, cakes, deli, and the gelato bar!
The staff are incredibly kind and friendly and care about the food they put out.
Everything from the service to the food is awesome.
I ate at the restaurant inside and let me tell you that the food is amazing!
I've never made it past the refrigerated and prepared foods section, but who needs to!
Cookies, chocolate, jelly, dried fruit, all candies that can make my day.
However, the food we do buy--vegetables, fruit, dairy products, etc--is very affordable.
The fruit is always fresh and usually the best in the area.
Not tons of food, but its enough.
Their blueberry muffins are only .99 and soooo fresh soft and delish.
Their selection of fruits and veggies never disappoints and their naughty plethora of baked goods is a treat.
Anyway, the food that they make in the back of the store for us to sample  is always superb.
The frozen foods are good..the edemame fried rice is delicious..the orange chicken is great.
I really don't want to go back to whole foods for anything.
Super friendly every visit, with plenty of no nonsense, tasty food.
Each dish was delicious and the portions were generous!
The french toast had fresh fruit and a generous portion of mascarpone.
The vegetables are fresh and i grab all my ingredients to make my own fresh salsa for cheap.
Very recommended for any serious chef or foodie to shop at.
Great quality of foods from each department.
Food was packaged quite quickly after i ordered!
Valencia peanut butter is delicious.
They have friendly staff and a mostly good food selection.
I especially like that their true health-food options are much cheaper in cost compared to other stores.
Now, the canadian whole foods is very different from us which is a shame.
Awesome shop for the foodie!
Vegetables and fruits are usually fairy fresh, not sure about the meat.
We ordered thai beef, large size singapore noodles, general tao, mixed vegetables with tofu and a medium bowl rice.
Truly awesome, very delicious, professionally prepared dishes.
Food quality/taste over looks anytime for me.
They also offer tons of other deli products and even a small grocery store to make shopping super easy.
Cannot wait to go back and try some of the catered food, looks so good.
They have a great selection of boxed goods, with holiday-specific food items.
Very large frozen food selection.
The produce section makes whole foods look small.
They have a large food court and a section that makes fresh tortillas and chips.
We will stick to whole foods and costco for meat.
Much cheaper than whole foods and even trader joe's, which i never go to any more.
Speaking of bulk, they have a very wide selection including granolas, nuts, candy, snacks, dried fruit, etc.
Was in the deli isle today looking for something good to eat.
The lady behind the deli counter was really nice!
This is mostly a market with a food service counter and a few tables.
The food was reasonably priced and very, very good.
The market carried a good selection of eastern european/middle eastern goods with a deli counter.
Will definitely go back for the food and market.
All of mrs g's dishes are delicious.
I haven't ordered from the hot food section yet.
I made a previous post regarding the food city food court.
This week, food city is having a special on their "any meat" combination plate meals.
And the food is pretty darn good too.
First stop was the deli.
There are several plastic to-go containers under the circular deli case filled with deli goods (salads, deli meat, etc.)
Their tacos are delicious!
Their sweet bread is also delicious & fresh!
But i thought i would mention the food court.
Very good -- if you like more authentic mexican food, this place is good.
Its awesome to know that you can get these items here at artisinal foods.
I've gone to the deli, it's great.
I've had some of their baked goods from their bakery, they're delicious.
I grabbed fruit, yogurt and granola for breakfast.
Great quality of fruit, vegetables, meat and prepared food with decent pricing.
Food court with various asian cuisines.
I was amazed by their fruit.
I find that going to a lot of other grocery stores their fruit seems tasteless even bitter.
I bought tangelos and organic apples from this place and ate all my fruit within the same night.
They have an incredible array of organic, vegetarian and vegan foods all at reasonable prices.
I threw them in a vegetable soup i also bought from there, super good!
This location is not a super center but they do carry some frozen and cold food items.
I wish there were one of these closer to my home -- i would save so much money on fruits/veggies!
Absolutely no complaints because it was delicious!
Cheap fruit and veg sometimes, decent selection of pc products and efficient deli counter.
- lots of takeaway food.
Also they have a decent organic/health food section but some of their stuff is crazy expensive.
Good food in a fun, social atmosphere.
A bit pricy for the food, even package chips, but i was with ones i love.
Good variety of food and supplements.
They had a great selection of gourmet foods, drinks and quality foods.
We discovered great craft beers, an olive bar, a wide selection of gourmet cheeses and crackers, champagne and fruit.
I loooove their vegetarian cafe section as most of the ingredients used to cook the foods are organic.
Great wine selection, amazing deli, bakery, and meat counter.
Fabulous mexican food in a casual environment.
It's always fresh and delicious.
Prices are way better than whole foods and the selection is still great.
It was delicious and the lady that was at the service was amazingly nice.
It was a very pleasant experience and the food was awesome for quick dinner.
They are not as nice and stingy on the food.
If this is what your food tastes like, i may have to join you.
I recommend the passionfruit green tea with tiny tapioca.
Whether it be the select cuts of meat, the fresh fruits and veggies or seafood, they've got you covered.
In short you can count on this store to provide you quality food and beverages at a reasonable price!
Each time we go, there is invariably something unexpected and delightful to try.
They even offer brands you would only typically find at the higher end and pricey health food stores.
They started wanting a heavy lean on coffee -  coffee shop that sold some food.
But the pivot has occurred where they're a food place that sells some coffee.
I enjoy coming here for all my fresh fruit and vegetables as well.
I mean anytime you can get three or four ruby red grapefruits for a dollar?
I still love this place, especially the food court.
You can't go wrong with this asian food market, i was told this was their new location.
The seafood looks fantastic but not for everyone i suppose.
Recommended for anyone whose into asian food.
This store is large enough to at least have a section for ethnic foods.
While i don't use these that often they have a good size deli and a  hot/cold prepared foods section.
This is where i fell in love with real food and holds a special place in my heart.
Hot bars off to the right with a great little café that is fed by the impressive deli.
The deli has everything from sushi (which isn't bad!)
Sushi prices are not bad, all deli-cut items are crazy high.
And the deli service is slow - never properly staffed.
It's priced appropriate for healthy & fresh food and the service is the best there is.
Went to crave growers wow yes has beer on tape and eat food!
Don't now how do pronunce menu but food taste good!
Good place for seafood restaurant.
If you are a seafood lover, you should try this place.
Their seafood look fresh ok when you order.
Friendly place, delicious food, and kids and high schooler friendly as well.
-largest selection of boars head (no fillers, high-quality) meat, cheese, & other deli products.
In october, we tried the winder farms seasonal pumpkin egg nog (it was delish).
Amazing meat, fish, deli, and produce.
Overall, this is a great store along the lines of whole foods but a bit cheaper in my humble opinion.
Fresh fruits at competitive prices!
Who: those of you who like fresh & organic fruits & veggies!
Love this place, store is always clean, staff is always friendly and they have a great variety of food.
Artisianal foods do not stock this regularly but they can order in for you.
The cheese is hit and miss but i guess it's not really artisanal food's fault.
Besides special ordering the cheese, i usually peruse the store for new and fun foods to try.
Def a place for foodies!
I also love the free food and alcohol samples.
Yeah - it's a grocery store, but they also have a nice little restaurant that serves up a delicious lunch.
The grocery store also offers very fresh food and good prices.
This place may cost a bit more than most grocery stores, but the quality of the food is unbeatable.
Love the fresh food from the market.
Sandwiches are always fresh and delicious.
I was waitting for my husband in the surgery so i ordered food from this place for delivery thru yelp.
The delivery itself didn't take long, i think about half hour maybe.
This is just about the beauty section (although i've had some food from their hot table and it was delicious!).
Awesome fresh produce, lots of freshly prepared foods, a good bakery section, and cheap fresh meats.
Their prepared foods section is amazing.
Various cheeses, meats, salsas, and hot foods such as tamales, tacos, and elote await your taste buds.
It was definitely enough food to feed 4 people, and everything tasted excellent.
The wine selection and frozen food aisle is especially worth checking out, while the cheese selection is vast and plentiful.
I can't say enough about how tasty this homemade food is.
Which is totally fantastic, as indian is my favorite type of food by a long shot.
Much better pricing than whole foods.
I came in for a shark 'n' bake after watching bizarre foods.
*side note* food is a little on the pricey-side in this area, compared to chicago and new york.
This is a grocery and food experience!
We loved all the wide varieties of food stations they had.
Also, most groceries are asian options but they have a fresh seafood station that was interesting too.
It's like a healthy person's food heaven!
They also have a pretty decent selection on ethnic foods & spices.
Bulk food is awesome!
Their drink specials are great and they have food and butchers specials regularly as well.
Nearby you will also find a selection of fresh made salsas and guacamole all of which are delicious.
Good coffee, friendly service, great food.
First of all, this a specialty foods store!
But it's definitely worth checking out if you are a foodie and enjoys cooking!
I would compare it to wholefoods as far as style goes.
They also had a great selection of prepared fruit salads, deli sandwiches, and other grab and go snacks.
The deli at earls is full of pearls!
Deli food review:  earls is great, you can't have enough places like this around town.
The store has a bakery and a variety of premade food offerings that i will be back to try out.
Another thing i love about harvest market is the ready-to-eat foods and the salad bar.
This place is simply delicious.
For fans of caribbean / jamaican food, nicey's is noice!
Most of the food they prepare  i have tried and it is very good.
I love whole foods.
They have such good selection of vegetables, ready made food and cheese.
Big fan of trader joe's food like most other people, but it can be a bit annoying to shop here.
The employee's are friendly and the sweet bread is delicious.
I enjoy their fruit section which is not something i usually find appealing at other trader joes.
If you want legit southern food this is the place to go!
The food is located inside the actual market and there's always a line when i go.
If you've never been to whole foods, you should visit.
I would say that this is the best mexican food in calgary.
Hot food bar is ample for any in-a-pinch-and-running-late meals.
Deli does not carry kretchmar, my preferred sliced meat.
Nobody smiles there, except today i found this lady in the ready made food section that was unusually pleasant.
In the ready made food section i'd recommend the shashlyk ( kebobs), blinchiki ( similar to crepes) and everything else.
The food is not extreme in taste but is not bland either.
It's delicious and comforting without loads of msg in it.
Now i'm living close to mekong, and it does satisfy me in terms of vegetables and fruit.
They have an amazing selection of organic fruits, and vegetables.
They have delicious soups everyday.
Also, lots of indian foods and desserts.
This is my new (close to home) go to for healthy food.
Their food philosophy is very interesting.
So earth fare has pretty much taken the guesswork out of a more wholesome approach to food shopping.
I also found some organic baby treats/puff (2/$5) and baby food pouches for .89 cents.
The fruits section is my favorite as the fruits are always fresh and the selection is big.
The best place to get authentic german food and sausages.
Their food is absolutely to die for!
Niccoli's has some of the best tasting food in town and it is locally onwed-- which is very nice.
I love going there late night for pre-made meals, way healthier than fast food.
The best italian deli in phoenix, period!
The seafood department also has a very large and fresh selection of fish.
Beyond fresh foods, they stock a multitude of worldly goods from almost all parts of the world.
They have great fresh meats and seafood, plus great prepared foods.
Pretty good selection of vegetables.
I am giving whole foods on w. lake mead 5 stars solely due to the cashier victor.
This whole foods location usually has what i need, but never had    friendly cashiers.
Great selection of food and beverage products.
Everything was absolutely delicious, everything was clean and staff was friendly.
It reminded me of whole foods or capers back in vancouver.
Lots of quality ingredients and fresh fruits & vegetables can be found here.
I didn't get a chance to try any of the food but everything looked so good!
Their prepared food (onigiri, suhshi, various salads, rice dishes, and soups) is consistently tasty, fresh, and reasonably priced.
All the veggies & fruits seemed really fresh, was surprised to see fresh longan, lychee, and jujube here.
Plus, their food is phenomenal - great quality and the pre-prepared stuff is to die for.
But if you care about flavor not about the hottest temperature wise food, you can't go wrong here.
We ate about half the food there, and took the other half home.
I would recommend lotus for indian vegetables and grocery.
Even less carry frozen and refrigerated food.
I also understand they will be expanding to add more freshly made deli foods.
It's delicious and i have never had anything less than amazing customer service!
The store focuses on providing all kinds of foods from the slovak part of europe.
They also carry fresh produce and a huge selection of pastries,deli meats and even a butcher shop.
Note: this is not a health food, organic store.
The most impressive departments were the meats and seafood.
The seafood was mega fresh; the eyes on the salmon were bright and looked alive.
Stick to the deli, bakery, meats and seafood departments and you won't be disappointed.
Fantastic foodie paradise, worth the treat!
Also the wine bar restaurant has incredible food!
The deals are good, the food is fresh, the employees are wonderful.
The deli lady and men in the meat department always have cool deals for my family to buy.
Vodka or brandy chocolate :d  long line up at cheese & deli.
Cooked food selection smells excellent.
Environment is family but fast food (styrofoam and plastic dinnerware) but the food is worth it!
The omelets are light and fluffy and stuffed with meat cheese and vegetables.
Every comment about the food has been very positive.
Excellent ethnic food shopping!!!
How wonderful to have great italian food here in the valley.
You can eat in, and get lovely personal service in a homey environment or take this authentic homemade food out.
Easy parking, easy shopping and fresh food.
The breakfast and lunch buffet is a great option for food on fremont street with a great price!
Sometimes they'll have a little clearance shelf where you can save some $$ on supplements, foods.
It's the closest store to the old little food coops that used to exist.
We recently moved to mesa area and tried food here for first time.
I'm impressed by the eastern european foods they carry.
They don't always have kimbab, bibimbab or chapchae, but when they do, the food items are tasty!
I really enjoyed shopping here, though the prices for organic food are steeper than it is in seattle area.
Great alternative to fast food and it will fill them up if they're under 13.
Service was great too, though we waited 15 mins for our food.
Great place to grab food -- not a lot of options near or in dtlv.
Produce is fresh meats and seafood are reasonable and butcher will accommodate any portion request !
Hot food bar and fresh flowers are just several of the reasons i love my harris teeter
We purchased some food on suggestion and were very happy.
Nice selection of gluten free and natural or organic foods.
For a food lion it has a little bit of an upscale feel.
Will definitely be back again to try other food since this was so delicious.
Well decorated, fresh fruits and not overly sweet or creamy.
The seemed to have a few more items at this location such as a huge pet section and food section.
I have bought all types of fruit there and have never had issues with quality.
I looked on yelp for diner-deli food and millvale diner came up and i'm happy with our choice.
Friends from all over the country (nyc, co, va) were with me and they all raved about their food too!
And the cake is delicious
The restaurant/deli is pretty amazing for the indian food i've been on the lookout for in phoenix.
The quality of the seafood at this place is amazing, so go try it!
It's a corner store with unusual, good foods and friendly service.....small but have good stuff inside!
Close by real convenient for my pinoy food needs.
They have a great selection of health foods on the shelves.
They also have a kitchen which has very clean foods for breakfast and lunch.
If you're looking for an authentic italian deli than this is your place.
The italian deli of my childhood right here in the heart of phoenix.
It sell the mostly a lot of fresh fruits and veggies.
Lots of frozen foods that are gluten-free,  organic, non-gmo.
Delicious and family owned!
I highly recommend this deli all is made in house and very authentic.
My father moved to the usa when he was 18teen this is his favorite deli in az.
If you want excellent, grass fed beef, you're way better off coming to baiz than going to whole foods.
That chicken set up near the deli looks pretty epic.
Heinen's isn't as large as other groceries, which means that some non-food sections are going to be a lot smaller.
Because they're absolutely delicious and not loaded with fillers and chemicals.
I love d & d.  everything is always delicious and fresh.
I like going to dean & deluca when i want really good food without the fuss.
This is a review for the deli counter for my visit on june 21, 2016 around 6pm.
Tasted good, but the best part about our experience was joshua, the deli associate.
Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
Very helpful and have a great selection of italian food.
You can find some good deals on grass feed beef as well as seafood.
Great place to grab a coffee or food on the go.
Everything is very fresh and a lot of organic and healthy food.
You can also have the lady at the food counter prepare it for you.
Squid was delish as well.
- deli counter for fresh sandwiches.
Turkey and corned beef are great and massive  - a good place to get fruit.
- many more healthy or near healthy options vs. the typical downtown food courts.
I encourage everyone to give it a try and skip the standard food court options.
The deli is huge.
He walked me to the cat food saving me  over 10 minutes.
I've recently started canning and preserving foods in my home.
Best deals i've found on fresh fruits and veggies in town!
Just bought this "small" jack fruit for $18 it sucks i couldn't find a scale to weigh this bad boy.
On sunday may 6th in the deli department  a nice young man named steven waited on me.
The staff are super cool and it's clean and stocked full of delicious food!
I either get a primo taglio sandwich or something from the deli.
It's clearly for asian food, but i think i could shop here for.
The sweet pastries are unique and delicious.
I really dig the flower selection as well as all the healthy food choices.
Hit this store and stock up on some good spices and taste the difference in the food your prepare.
This review is for an employee who i see every time i go into the food court.
Toys, food, beer, cards, live bait, makeup and the list goes on and on.
But the highlight was that i was absolutely delighted by the excellent food!
My colleague got the delicious chicken, probably the most filling dish on the menu.
I highly endorse the food.
They have  a large hot food and salad section as well.
But i want to try their prepared food in the near future.
My only complaint of the vegetables these days is they seem to not have one of the products i need.
In the main area there are alot of activities for the kids and food vendors.
3.5 it is an ok pakistani bbq fast food.
I always got fruits and vegetables, olive oil , milk and juice here.
It's mostly korean food items with some chinese and japanese stuff thrown in the mix.
They also have a korean snack-bar/food stand where they specialize in korean fast food.
Fresh or marinated meats, fresh vegetables, and soju!?!?!?!
I love the expanded natural foods section & improved organic produce department.
I'm definitely a gal who loves well-seasoned food.
If you crave russian or ukrainian food, this place is an absolute must.
Frozen foods include a large variety  of homemade soups and frozen berries.
If you are looking for a good take out place with excellent tasty and healthy food, this is it !!
They arrived on time, set up for us, and everyone enjoyed the food and many were jockeying for the leftovers.
It wasn't super frozen, you can taste some yogurt in it, and it was naturally sweet from the fruit.
They carry a variety of filipino condiments, snacks, longanisa, and vegetables.
Recently discovered how close this food lion was to me .
I can easily find things as i am familiar with the layout of most food lions .
However, you can still order food and drinks that are prepared to order via bronze café, located in the market.
Don't get me wrong, it's called the "purveyor of fine foods" for a reason, it is expensive.
Top five reasons that aj's (this location specifically) qualifies as a "purveyor of fine foods":   1.
Also, if you need a fruit or vegetable not on the floor, they most likely can order it for you!
It's so fun to walk down all the aisles and see all the foods from different countries!
The fruit and vegetable section is amazing!
Since i eat plant based (no meat, dairy, or oil), i am in heaven getting foods i can actually eat!
They have a decent hot food section which is a great way to eat on the go.
Very small grocery store but good selection of prepared foods at reasonable prices.
Loved the food and the awesome customer service here.
All the sides were delicious and the desserts were yummy too.
The grau brot, bratwursts and condiments i bought were delicious.
The food was great and the quality/quantity are incredible considering the cost.
I have never used the deli until this week when i needed deli trays for an event.
My only suggestion:  please consider delivering trays.
Very similar to a whole foods but more brands.
The food is tasty, especially the samosas and chaat.
Free fruit for the little ones when you shop.
Nice selection of fruit and organic foods.
Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
Love their chicken salad from the deli.
If you're hungry they have food here but it can be pricey for so little food that they give you.
Hardly see a fruit fly, the straighten up.
So where should you go to get this korean superfood?
While you're there, you can get many other korean staples - preserved and frozen foods, noodles, sweets, banchan, etc.
The food offerings at this location is also slightly different.
The bbq, hot food, dim sum is pretty much exactly the same as it is at other locations.
Each time, the food and service has been great.
The staff have all been friendly, the food is very good, the prices are good.
Ht by far has the best meat and seafood of any other grocery store.
The deli meats and cheeses, while on the high side are are some of the best.
The ht deli is the only place i will by bologna.
The frozen indian food is bomb.
Local dairy, local grass fed beef, local fruits and veggies...how can it get any better?!
They once were giving away free ripe fruit at the cash, which i thought was quite lovely.
This was at first a "really, another fruit shop on beaubien?"
They are very respectful of food.
It's a great spot to get delicious bagels and great coffee.
A must try lamb biryani here.the service is drastically poor n heating too.but they make good food n naans
If your a korean food addict this is the place for you.
Shout out to adelina( think that's how you spell it) for having the best customer service ever!
The food is awesome!
Amazing service, food portions and price!
Their food is amazing and a lot of their stuff you can't find at your local grocery store.
This place is a must to visit if you love a variety of wines an energetic feel and good food.
They also have a deli where you can get decent sized sandwiches for only $2.99!!
Delicious and cheap deli sandwiches that you'll love!
While i am not an expert on indian food- all i can say is i left happy and satisfied.
Hole-in-the-wall indian food for the win!
Come for the vegetarian food, stay for the atmosphere and local products.
The food is awesome!
Love this store.... can find all of my asian foods here and prices are unbelievably low.
A small beer and wine bar, groceries, produce,  stocked cold coolers of food and drinks.
They were super confused by my request that there could be excellent food and beverage made right here in cleveland.
The produce, fruit, meat and bakeries are top quality fresh.
Very tasty food at reasonable prices.
It is incredibly delicious and a major meal on its own.
Cute store with a great selection of vegan specialty foods.
They have all sorts of lovely fruits and veggies-even hawaiian papayas!
All of the food from here is delicious.
We are bringing more than half the food home.
They did an amazing job and the food was to die for.
I once had the meatball sub which was delicious, but the italian makes me homesick for philly every time.
But the food is good value for money:  the rolls for the subs are correct for starters.
That speaks volumes for italian food aficionados.
They have a lot of their own brands and organic/natural foods.
They don't have everything your big stores have, but have majority of the food items i need.
The produce look delicious and colorful.
The little restaurant is also delicious.
I like to buy my food from stores that are clean.
I also use the frozen food section a lot.
So basically you are getting more affordable pricing at hong kong food market.
This place is amazing, what a fresh and great food!i really love how clean the restaurant is.
Favorite go to is the lasagna and of course the fresh meats and delectiable delights
The first time i went in, i thought to myself, "wow, i hit this place on delivery day."
Naturally soergel's is a hidden gem for those with food sensitivities or dietary restrictions in the middle of the suburbs.
U can get a new and fresh foods every day!
I just had the acai berry smoothie and it was absolutely delicious!
Takes a while to get your food though.
We went through all the rows of nuts, seeds, sweets and dried fruits.
However, there wasn't a huge variety of breads and the fruit juices were way overpriced.
Sausage gallery- this deli is huge.
Love trying out the different mustards and fruit spreads...
I could honestly spend an afternoon checking out the rows of foreign and delightful groceries.
For starters, fry's has a great selection of food and they have really competitive prices.
Loads of produce, meat, chicken, a great deli counter and plenty of other household items to grab while your here.
From honey to rubs to canned fruits and vegetables.
Good store, has a good selection of different asian foods.
The menu is delish and plays to people who has special dietary needs such as paleo, gluten free, and vegetarian.
Unless you stop in at nicolis grocery and deli, this delicatessen is the real deal.
Nicoli's even has a small market, with hard to find delicacies.
On this visit i have the antipasto salad and meatballs and both were delicious.
The staff is wonderful at this family-owned restaurant, the prices are reasonable, and the food is delicious.
The only shopping i enjoy, the people, food and experience is great!
Friendly atmosphere and good fresh food are mine.
I do wish they had more options as far as pakistani snacks and frozen foods go.
They have great prices and delicious food!
I go there more often than whole foods or longos for prepared foods now.
They have a large variety of ready made meals that looked delicious, including pizza and sushi.
You feel like you stepped into a supermarket in russia with beautiful brand names and foods you've never seen before.
But the prepared food section is huge with lots of tasty options at very reasonable prices.
Delicious food, very nice, friendly service.
And honestly the price of food items is reasonable.
My go to place for fruits and veggies.
The meat was amazing, the sides were delicious!
Also, the delivery guys were great!
Great selection of healthy foods.
D&d wine room exceeded our expectations by the quality food prepared, the service and the atmosphere.
The french plate was delicious.
Am i going to get good food?
Great selection of wine and the food is quite good.
As you can imagine, there are few foods he can actually eat besides some fruits and vegetables (steamed).
She showed us all the great allergy free foods and had meal advice as well!
I love going to foodwares for lunch.
I like that the pretty much all of the food in the shop was thoughtfully packaged for air travel.
Decent little fruiterie on the plaza.
This guy comes up to the deli case and he looks to be a nice enough gentleman.
They offer a variety of produce/frozen foods/seafood etc.
I love the selection and assortments of teas, unique produce, snacks, noodles  and frozen foods.
Several food options - get the apple cider donuts!
Clean, fresh produce, and good seafood.
The only deduction is for the long wait times in the deli section and sub making station.
Delicious doesn't begin to describe it!
The ready made foods are awesome and the whole atmosphere is great.
One of the few places that sells newman's dog food for our mutts.
Thank you heinens for caring about food quality.
Over rated whole foods and yucky trader joes as well as mustard seed aren't fit to shine your shoes.
Compare to other fresh and easy this one lacks certain food.
Great way to find cheap healty clean food...love the premade food.
If you like middle eastern foods, this should be the epicenter of your phoenix-world.
They also carry other international foods as well as a growing stock of organic items.
Sometimes the fruit and vegetables can be past their prime, which is usually not something i'm into.
This is not always the case and you can find some good deals on fresh fruit and veg.
Really...they have such a great selection of food.
Reminds me of a mini whole foods.
The barbecue was to die for and i loved the different food stands throughout as well.
This wasn't the reason for our trip to baiz market this weekend--we went for al-hana dining, which was delicious.
I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
To the land that seems to be allergic to health food!
It has the store part plus the cafe where i can get vegan food, drinks, and even desserts!
Best selection of authentic italian deli food!
I'm all about quality food and saving money so costco is a no brainer.
Their selection of vegan food is good but not vast.
They deliver through instacart.
This whole foods is larger than most i've been in.
This is a great place to get international foods and the prices are exceptional.
I like to make asian inspired food a lot so i love to try different kinds of noodles and vegetables.
It's a good place to get authentic european meats, dishes, and imported packaged foods.
The food, however, is amazing!
I find the food here to have the closest taste to that from my city of childhood - mumbai, india.
Almost everything here is delicious.
There is daily lunch specials and everything taste delicious.
It's a cute little market with european snacks and beverages, specialty cheese and deli meats.
(sad when clean staff is even a factor)  the food is fresh, varied and nicely presented.
The inside is really great, bakery, great produce, and aisles of decently priced korean import food.
I make a point to get out here when i can to stock up on authentic korean food.
If you have never been here, than you are missing out on local gem of a deli.
Excellent deli inside as well; tons to choose from --- cheeses, dried meats, pastries, an awesome salad bar, fruit, etc.
It's like a budget whole foods.
In checking out the butcher shop, the seafood offerings appear to be abundant.
Whereas if i want to go to whole foods or any farmer's market it is a longer drive.
Something whole foods doesn't offer.
The food is quite flavourful and i recommend getting items of the bbq menu, the biryani look good too.
The food is authentic east african cuisine.
The salad bar and hot and cold food items are excellent.
Honestly, one of the most amazing and delicious sandwiches i have ever had!!
I will try new food i do not know because everything looks delicious...
Nicest food lion ive ever been to and open till 11pm.
A food lion with a solid craft beer selection and a nicely separated area for wines?
This whole place screams harris teeter, its just a better than the rest food lion.
They also have a dessert case - usually cheesecake, cupcakes... the normal stuff but they look delicious!
Who doesn't love flavor in their food?!
Great value on that food too.
The staff is always friendly and the food is always on point!
Local deli, locally owned.
Fantastic variety of natural and organic foods that you cannot find at your other local chain stores.
Wonderful produce, good selection of gluten-free foods and meats!
Okay, as far a great produce and specialty foods and snack, sprouts has trader joes beat.
The deli is home to the $2.99 sandwich.
Good asian market with a wide selection of fresh vegetables, seafood.
The supermarket also has aisles dedicated to regional food.
Two or three large aisles are dedicated to indian grocery items, ready-to-eat food, 'dhals' cereals, rice etc.
Five star for shopping experience:  *  the vegetables and seafood are stocked separately so vegetarians will not 'smell' seafood.
Delicious food that tastes like legit middle eastern food at their little cafe and a market full of hidden treasures.
Plenty of samples on new foods.
I like my food to be served hot.
The food is all very good, my only complaint is that i kept burping up the bbq flavor.
Haha)  my husband definitely likes the food here so we'll be back.
I'm sure they have smaller portions too, where you won't have to buy so much food.
I love this passionfruit tea.
Has a great variety of filipino food choices.
The food was good, everyone else i was with agreed.
Anxious to try the freshly made food, maybe on a lunch hour.
I enjoy looking at all the fresh seafood in the back also.
Natural grocers is my new "favorite grocery store" (good-bye whole foods)!
They sell japanese merchandise here from cookware to food snacks and etc.
They have a food "barn" with common farm fare.
How can you not love this awesome asian supermarket, the fresh seafood is amazing!!
Lots of international foods and spices, too.
We took a list of the food we buy most often to winco and other  grocery stores.
If you watch the prices, you can get non-food items like toilet paper and paper towels at good prices.
It's basically a clean, solid-quality russian, slavic and middle eastern food store.
It has: a great deli with well cooked food.
The deli also has amazing russian cakes, shipping in from la.
Thumbs up for food and service.
The quality of foods is super.
Ah the deli...i think it really is the place to visit in calgary.
Finally their lunch deli offers daily specials and has it's own coffee and gelato station.
The large crowd that frequent lina's dining area speaks for the quality of food the lunch deli serves.
They have a large variety of cheese and so as international and organic (bio) food choices.
Newly renovated, this food basics replaced the 24-hr metro that was previously here (here and losing money, i'll bet!)
Downside - somehow it retains that distinctive food basics lighting, where there's a depressing fluorescent cast on everything.
If you are into organic food/healthy lifestyle you will find everything in this place.
Nice fruit, big avocados, beautiful veg.
Aj's fine foods is a higher end grocery store that also serves fresh food, drinks, desserts, salad and even sushi!
I love the fresh pretzel bread and the steamed vegetables!
Stopping in here for some freshly steamed vegetables and eating it to go is much healthier than a drive thru!
They have a hot foods section with daily specials.
Finally, i actually like the options at the food counter here!
This is a great supermarket to get fresh produce and food.
Ajs fine food is a place where i only go if i have a specific need.
Other times i will go for a delicious sandwich from their deli department.
And i still love whole foods.
I was incredibly impressed with the selection of local foods at the grocery.
They have the best indian snacks and fast food in town, period.
We love whole foods; great food, lots of fresh, organic options.
It's so great that organic/natural foods are becoming more the norm and not the exception
When i come home from work, it is still in business hours, i can buy food, really appreciate it.
This is based on the following factors:  1) the meats, seafood, and produce are extremely fresh.
Love, love, love this awesome fry's foodstore!
**mouth hits floor** fresh seafood in a market layout.
Fresh fruits and exotic vegetables, awesome asian trinkets.
Food prices and merchandise is reasonable.
Their fruits and veggies are cheap and fresh.
Cheaper than whole foods but great selection of whole food products.
Fabulous food, great price.
If you love to shop at wholefoods this is the coolest location in town.
Its fun to come have lunch, get some gourmet food, excellent coffee and wine  - and just hang.
The food was very much like the lebanese food i had in london.
Explored the store for just a few seconds while waiting for food.
Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery.
It was so hard to put down, it was hot and fresh and delicious.
Wow, amazing food, i loved it and so will you.
Plenty of delicious freshly sliced meats, tasty provolone, lettuce tomato, pepperoncinis(which in my opinion made this taste all the better).
It's by far the best take out place for pakistani halal food lovers.
I still prefer this place over eastern foods.
You can also order their food through 'uber eats' delivery service if you are feeling lazy.
I do not have a car, so going to harris teeter or food lion is hard for me.
Make no mistake, this is primarily a korean market for food, not just random junk.
The produce section was filled with extremely fresh vegetables.
I would recommend this market if you want a clean market for east asian food.
I have no problems with this pharmacy or the food store.
It's nicely organized, clean and offer a wide array of russian foods from the regular chained groceries.
Too bad we don't have whole foods markets within our neighborhood, but sprouts grocery markets will do.
The people are always so nice and the food is superb.
Excellent service and helpful people in the deli and at the checkout stands.
Best deli salads and chicken dinners in the deli.
Amazing deli with prepared foods that look like they came out of my mother's kitchen.
The prepared foods/café corner consistently draws much of the attention.
Oceans food market has better and cheaper produce.
Tons of gourmet mustards, olive oils, beautiful produce and a fantastic deli with freshly prepared salads, mexican food and more.
Somebody on facebook mentioned that segal's is the cheapest place for organic food, so i checked it out.
For someone who has food allergies, this place is their savior.
Their house made meat sticks are delish too.
Definitly my favorite place to grab food.
First upon walking in i realized how large their fresh meat and sea food areas are....
Super cheap veggies and fruits they also have durian!
Last week i decided i wanted to make sushi with my boyfriend because it is his favorite food.
It was fun discovering many new food items and finding the tea isle.
The deli is good too.
There is a big store with gluten free foods.
The vegetables are in a refrigerator in the back of the market.
For a tiny,specialized market, they are reasonably priced and most importantly, the vegetables are fresh.
I was amazed with the low prices, and fresh fruit.
Well, whole foods is really the face lift of your common grocery store... kind of like jc penney vs nordstrom's.
Worked at p.a for over a year and had a great learning experience, delivery, and stock mostly.
The food in all the departments was always fresh!
The warm sauces were delicious.
Mazzy star playing in the background at a health foods store-- my inner hippie is coming out.
Since it is an independent health foods store, you can expect a little higher prices.
It's an eastern european theme park of food and i love it!
But the absolute best thing about this place is their prepared food section!
It's massive and the food is friggin' out of this world and so well priced.
They've got pickled herring, marinated vegetables, homemade stuffed pastries and other beautifully prepared gourmet looking delicacies.
It's so delish and i also tried a slab of their egg and salmon loaf.
The caliber of cooking is just incredible for a grocery prepared food section and so incredibly well priced.
Altogether i spent like $30 for two weeks worth of food not bad at all.
Store was recently remodeled and a sushi bar and much larger natural foods section...love it!
I personally like the prepared foods, they have a great selection, mexican, asian, american, italian, you name it.
This store saves my life whenever my wife is not in town and i need food ready and done.
The food is fresh and delicious, the store is clean and customer service is good.
All my favorite foods are here.
The have bulk sugars, flours, dried fruits, legumes, granola, veggie chips, and more.
This place is friendly, well stocked and good variety of food, produce and miscellaneous items.
They usually have a good selection of fruits and veggies and a pretty decent meat section.
What i really like about whole foods is the quality of their products and the variety.
I like the hot food options and the salad bar and they have one of my favorite wines here.
I have had a had time finding good pomegranate wine and whole foods has it!
And whole foods has that as well.
I adore all the guys in the butcher section for meat/seafood.
When ordering cold cuts from the deli, fresh cut, they tend to be wasteful.
I hate wasting food and i'll gladly play the little bit extra instead of wasting the meets...
You can pay for your selections with the cashier in the front after receiving your food.
They don't hold back on the heat, and for those that like more mild food, you've been warned!
Definitely a good option for tasty yet cheap indian food!
Cute hot food bar  lots of organic options and good produce options  cute lil pie and macaroon options too
Love this location, pretty good customer service food doesn't look old or ran through
Try the canned red clam sauce.. delicious.
Similar to other aldi grocery stores, you can get way cheaper food here than other places.
So much so, that i never buy my food grocery items at any other store.
They were delicious, quite large and full of flavor.
I order food for a crowd from can't stop smokin' bbq once or twice a year.
I get compliments on the food year after year.
Ranging from dried fruits, nuts, granola, chocolate, to coffee and tea, you will find exactly what you are looking for.
I enjoy that their food has higher quality ingredients than the regular grocery store.
I also dig the fact they don't use preservatives and that they have dried fruit without sulfites.
Their food tastes better, there's not a whole lot of added crap, and everything is fresher.
Some food is seasonal, like those specialty shrimp they sell around summertime, which are fantastic!
Added raw foods selections, latin vegan from chef mayra and new vegetarian specials.
Also, extra points if you stop for some delicious noodles at the restaurant upstairs.
The other fruit pies are also outstanding.
This is a review for their deli.
Their deli sandwiches are a great deal and delish.
We almost always buy some seafood every visit.
It's a delightful feeling and i used to see it as an exploration when i was a kid.
- the food is so cheap and tasty that you could literally go to costco just to eat.
Nothing fancy, but place is authentic, reasonably priced and as tasty as you would expect from a real arabic food.
This food lion store was formerly named bloom.
I will say that i did not see many of the  yellow food lion mvp sale signs throughout the isles.
I have never tried the food they cook, but it seems decent...
Whole aisles for various pickled vegetables.
They also offer a hot food counter that's pretty tasty, too.
I also like the wide variety of bulk foods.
I love this place, cheap veggies and fruits!
They have a pretty big selection on health food items, like organic and whole grain things.
Then email my order to them, have them pick everything out and deliver it.
I'm always hankering for some serious indian food.
I'm sure i'll be back when i'm feeling like eating something close to the food i grew up on.
What a delight it was to walk through the door- the scent alone worth the trip!
Great food, great staff.
People love bashing food lion, but i really like this place and the people who work here.
In addition, i really appreciate food lion's recent inclusion of organic and natural options.
It's a great place to get hard to find ethnic food products or household items.
Vegetables are inexpensive here.
Good fresh seafood selection and meat selection.
Good wine and gourmet food section.
I love being able to get healthy options for "quick" food.
I wish the fruit and vegetables selection was larger.
Local foods, great people.
Definitely a must stop place for your food needs.
The owners are the finest people and the food is do authentic, homemade, delicious and satisfying beyond words.
If the made cake that day, don't ask what it is, just buy it, it's going to be delicious!!!!
Very casual, delicious food in a grocery store/restaurant.
We were brought the wrong food, but i didn't care or know better.
I finally got to check out niccoli's deli and it lived up to the hype.
If you are craving an east coast style deli then this place is for you.
Made my mouth & taste buds happy jumping for joys=d a must try place for desserts and deli
I was also impressed with the layout and condition of the live/frozen seafood section.
The live seafood tanks were full and appeared to be well maintained.
The chicken salad, potato salad, crab cakes, and cheddar potatoes in the deli are great examples.
And don't pass up the pepperoni bread or cheese sticks in the bakery, they're delicious!
Great store really fresh food and very slow service .
And they do not use any fake preservatives corn syrup, or artificial dyes in their foods.
I've found the fruits and veggies are always nice and ripe or fresh and are available in convenient packages.
I have tried many and they have all been quick, easy and delicious.
The only thing i'm not thrilled with is the hot food station.
Tried it a couple of times and thought the food tasted like it had been out too long.
Low prices and a great variety of food.
Same great prices and food (and samples) just don't come at dinner hour.
The items are definitely pricey, but it is such a nice experience to see beautiful food!
This place is part health food grocery and part cafe.
We picked up some amaretti and gelato and they were delicious!
I'll be heading back to see what delicious things they have to offer soon!
They have a nice bakery and a wonderful hot food section with a cafe to sit in.
The meat, the products, deli counter, are top notch and the bread section is amazing.
This is my go to for russian food and it has some of the best cheese and dairy products anywhere.
The prepared food is just like my mom makes and the cakes and frozen soups are fantastic.
Good food selection too.
The prices are very reasonable and the fruit and vegetables are fresh.
While bloor st. fruit just across the street is my "go to" produce place, p.a.t.
The larger of the two asiana markets, offering not only korean and asian groceries, but various ethnic foods as well.
The deli staff is always on alerting us to current specials and $5 friday is pretty cool.
Has everything from toilet paper & cat food to lobster and cakes.
They also do delivery which i think it's awesome since most of the time i am unable to come.
My favorite item from the deli is any chicken salad.
I've bought some delicious chocolate wafers here as well.
I bought a black truffle parmesan chunk and it is so rich and delicious.
The price was good and the food was great and they have pies too.
That said, as a foodie, it was nice to find a store dedicated to the spice of things.
Most of what is carried will appeal to the masses: spice blends for certain types of foods, e.g.
They are wonderful to talk to while you wait for your food and you really feel welcomed!
You can get in, pick up your produce and other food needs, and then get to a register.
Unquestionably, if you want delicious bbq at a decent price this is the place to visit.
The fruit here always seems to be on sale and is much cheaper than most places.
I've found fruit, hummus, bagels, etc in there for really cheap.
Additionally, i have found that many of their store brand items are delicious (peanut butter and chocolate granola bars...yummy!).
Figured whole foods was they way to go.
I literally live a block away from this place and i never knew they served food.
Cheap pharmacy costs, great variety of food and other items they sell.
Way better then any other food mart.
Most costcos are crowded and full of those food vendors that clog up the aisles.
Hands down best middle eastern food ive ever had.
Big, clean with a great selection of meat, produce, and asian foods, mainly korean.
They also had asian pears, dragon fruit and those giant korean apples!
Amazing food and great employees who make you feel welcome and well taken care of.
Of course the ambiance is amazing....classical music, beautiful food presentation.
I ordered the smoked salmon bagel breakfast sandwich with a side of fruit.
Holy cow #foodporn #mylifeiscomplete needless to say i am highly impressed
They have a large fruit and vegetable section.
They have a limited selection of fresh foods, but they do have quite a few packaged foods.
It's like if you took a regular sized longos and removed the fresh foods section.
Bagged lettuce to fresh herbs to fruit salad to jicama.
2) the easy - their pre-made foods look really good!
Their spices add so much flavor to food.
Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade middle eastern food.
There is a good selection of all sorts of foods/drinks/products from numerous asian countries.
If you are a fan of arabic and middle eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go.
I would describe this as a whole foods meets trader joe's type place.
I purchase a lot of fresh fruits and veggies.
Homemade wheat and regular pitas, delicious bakery.
Love love going to this farmers market, it's my weekly stop for all my fruits and veggies!
Nice whole foods... clean.. well staffed...  we stopped in to pick up a few items while staying in scottsdale.
Plenty of food for lunch...
Not the place to get fresh meat, but definitely good for fruits and vegetables.
Delivery possible for $4.
Trader joe's has the best food.
A deli that's also a market?
Grabbed some food at the hot counter in the deli.
Frozen foods, fresh veggies and fruit as well as freshly baked bread round out the current offerings.
Baiz market has some of the best food in town.
The small deli (cafe?
The prices are cheap, the service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.
Their mission statement: "love people, cook them good food."
A great place for quality fruits and vegetables.
I absolutely love fruit king.
Fruit king is just plain delicious!
They were exactly as ordered and delicious!
It's a typical safeway with starbucks, wells fargo bank and a fabulous signature deli.
Extra star for the amazing short rib sandwich from the deli counter.
The red sauce is so delicious.
The food bar, bakery, sandwich and salads and espressos are my favorites.
They are actually doing you a favor as exposure to air causes food to spoil quickly.
All food is of excellent quality, and i love the wide variety of meats and fish--all have been exceptional!!!
The food was exceptional!
Skirt steak was delicious, the cauliflower polenta was so good.
Who doesn't love cheap, great-tasting fresh fruits and vegetables?
Mekong is a nice sized supermarket with a large seafood and meat counter.
They provide a delightful shopping experience!
T & t is one of the asian grocery stores i shop at for certain types of foods.
Their bakery section and seafood section offer good selection
The tall guy in the deli section is terrific.
Keep up the health food promotions with jamie oliver.
Sobeys should be called empire foods sounds perfect!
I am not a big fan of food shopping, but i was surprised by the size of this fry's location.
From the nice cashiers, to the deli and bakery department i am always helped when needing assistance.
I even like their remodeling.
Their selection of produce, meats, seafood, baked goods, hot food, and asian snacks is always on point.
They have a wide selection of live seafood including: oysters, lobsters, king crabs and various fish.
I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious.
I wanted to ask for some processed food with msg just to shake things up a bit.
They have just about everything you can find in a whole foods store.
I didn't get to get myself food but they sure smelled and looked very tasty!
They've got fruits, a frozen isle, snacks, and drinks, and so much more!
Another favorite of mine is how fresh their produce looked especially their fruits!
It wasn't like i was gonna cook some food.
They have delicious olive oils and vinegars, you can sample any of them.
Iced americano is what i usually settle for and it has always delivered.
The breakfast potatoes are great, which a slight amount of delightful seasoning that makes them delicious plain or with ketchup.
No lines, easy parking, great service, great food, great drinks, great prices - need i say more?
The budget rack for day-old produce is also good- you can find avocados, grapefruits, limes, etc.
Not to mention the full deli, juice bar, catering options, etc.
Although most of the foods in that region are fairly similar, so i was able to guess based on packaging/pictures.
They have competitive prices on veggies and fruits.
Very reasonable prices that beats whole foods and other fancy places.
Actually the variety of brands and options can't be found even at whole food.
They have amazing produce and their pre-made deli and bakery areas are full of tasty, well made entries and desserts.
Need healthy and organic food?
All japanese imported items, everything from dishware to kitchen utencils to stationary to food to bathroom items.
People are friendly and the food has always been fresh.
It was delicious, but next time i think i'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side.
Great people and incredible food is the best way to sum zito's marketplace up!
Impressive fresh fruits and veggies, decent meat selection(even after 10!
I mean a  health food store right next to a gym.
You can get a work out, shower then go get food for dinner before heading where ever you are going.
The way i can explain it is like whole foods but on a smaller scale and a lot cheaper!
The deli has a nice selection of fresh prepared items as well as boar's head deli products.
I come here for their deli where they serve sandwiches, pizzas, soups and even a roast chicken meal.
Two delicious sandwiches for less than $10.--chicken schwarma and falafel.
The chaat is delicious and you can't beat the prices!
The green vegetables in particular stood out.
Fresh dandelion greens, gorgeous kale and collard greens.
Vegetable counter is constantly attended to and looked after.
The vegetables were very fresh.
Several sea food, fresh fruits, chinese snacks, bread, noodles, sauces and more.
The wine room is open later, but the food options are both limited and more expensive.
The hot food section is great!
This is "real deal italian deli".
It's a very small establishment but offers a nice variety of fresh produce, fruit/salads/sandwiches, specialty items, and prepared foods.
Great great variety of eastern european foods and drinks.
Since i'm trying to eat healthy without the high cost of vegetable so this place is the place.
After you eat, make sure you pick up some deli cheeses, meats, olives, etc.
Metro has lots of food choices, healthy, junk, international, organic,vegan, normal, bulk, local, etc.
I've also noticed they have a big selection of gluten free foods.
Amazing bulk nuts, fruits and veg.
Delicious coconut macaroon's approx.
Delightful couple small business.
I like the fact that they have a food court, restaurants, hair cut place, and boba.
I like the organic food selections.
They make the best mini fruit pies.
The apple is the best plus they make another fruit tart with a soft sweet crust.
Ode to trader joe's  seasonal produce of mellow fruitfulness!
I've had the stand's tofu jigae and it's not great, so perhaps stick with the prepped foods?
They have a lot of prepped or frozen food.
Love this place and the food is great.
Ice cream is delicious (kid's size is pretty big!
The market has a lot of their own fruits and vegetables, and all at very reasonable prices.
This whole foods was a bit smaller than the one on charleston.
They did have a deli, with most of the types of foods that whole foods are known for.
This review is solely based on the food served in the quaint little back kitchen area.
First off, props to all the female workers in the back kitchen putting out great food.
Then you give the slip to someone in the back kitchen and they will bring your food out.
Overall, this place has great food and is definitely the place to go for indian dishes.
Great place to get all variety of indian food.
They have a large array of local produce and products, like chocolate bars, ice cream, fruits and vegetables!
I did grab a bite to eat from the deli and went to the in-store cafe to dine.
There was a selection of indian food that was vegan and vegetarian but i wasn't in the mood for that.
Aj's makes whole foods look basic!
Also try the chicken salad at the deli.
There's a nice assortment of different types of asian food here from korean to indian to thai.
The seafood department is where its at.
It's where i go to pick up seafood whenever i'm making cioppino.
The seafood is pretty fresh and really inexpensive.
I paid $7+ for three small mangos; albeit, they were delicious!
Great value and great food!
Their hot food selection is great and nice to take home instead of cooking once and a while.
They make delicious cannolis fresh while you wait!
Also, i just love indian and ethnic food.
I get my coconut, sorghum, chickpea, and rice flour from here, as well as various nuts and dried fruits.
Great friendly and helpful customer service at the deli.
This is the kind of place that gives ethnic food lovers dream about.
The food..... to die for!!
This food lion has gone through major changes this year.
We ordered several items to try food we hadn't had before.
I come here for food that you typically don't find at a regular grocery store.
All longo's stores have hot foods.
You can buy everything from pasta to veal sandwiches, and sit down in the food area to devour them.
Fantastic little farmers market with fresh and delicious produce!
I stocked up on fresh fruits that were exceptionally delicious.
Tons of japanese and korean snack foods.
I think its silly people don't like the "rustic feel of how you get your food" they are crazy!!
Mary at the deli is always a big help and the checkers/baggers are friendly/efficient.
I love the different sea food sauces and seasonings.the fruits and vegetables are always fresh.
I enjoyed the food, customer service and the pasta i cooked later that week.
The market also has a cute little restaurant which serves vegetarian indian food.
And get a hoagie delivered to you after you drink what you purchased from sun stop.
The food is fresh, authentic, cheap and just awesome.
This was a delightful surprise.
They guys at the seafood section, the cashiers, the deli workers, all of them are awesome.
They're delicious, reasonably priced, and delightful.
If you have a fondness for any kind of asian food, from japanese and chinese to indian or s.e.
"pay by weight" hot food and salad bar has to be the best invention since sliced bread.
Food options are healthy, which is surprisingly hard to find in the downtown food courts, and theres heaps of variety.
It's no frills deal, food is made to order.
Very good deli area and don't seem to gouge you on prices lunch meats and cheeses.
It's a culture i really enjoy for many reasons food included.
They also had very delicious looking fresh sushi.
I will come back and test out the sushi and perhaps other food items.
Delicious food, friendly staff, and right in my neighborhood!
Great price and tastes delicious!
Whole foods), & there are actually some deals to be had here depending on what you need.
This is definitely a win for those into natural foods; you'll have tons of fun browsing through this place.
Convenient location off of south boulevard and shares a lot with other delicious restaurants.
They had all kinds of whole foodsy type items like vegenaise, assorted dark chocolate bars, kale chips etc.
I just want my food, so it felt a lot longer.
Their deli is always the bomb... good selection and good quality.
The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.
They have a seating area or you can take your food to go.
I love the fresh baked goods and the deli meat selection.
The dairy/fresh food section is great too.
Delicious, and very well priced!!!
I was hesitant to purchase any fresh foods because there is no way the turn over is quick.
Highly efficient, professional and tasted so delicious!!!
The food at the restaurant isn't anything special, but the value is insane.
A nice spot for any african spices, foods, clothes, and more.
The bakery, deli, and produce section sometimes fall behind in terms of being freshly stocked.
My husband and i ordered a large delivery order of groceries and accidentally ordered 9 of the same item.
We realized it when they delivered it and we wet putting away 9 bags of grapes lol.
The fruits and vegetables section looks inviting and healthy.
It has a ton of dairy-free, gluten-free, and vegan food options.
Great selection of fruits and vegetables as well as other goodies.
I also love the fact they have fresh and healthy products, chicken, fruits and vegetables!
Their flavors are so unique and even the plain buttered popcorn is delicious.
Deli is friendly most of the time.
We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods.
I listened to tarek s. and chose the beef shawerma it was delishous!
This place is hidden in the ghetto, but the food is excellent!
Plus, the greatest thing about can't stop smokin is they also deliver.
Good prices, cute clothes, fresh food, friendly staff!
If we want to prepare german food at home, this is our "go to" place.
They need to open more wholefoods stores in the nw part of las vegas.
I don't know if it froze during delivery and thawed to a grayish tinge.
There's a small selection of food products including refrigerated food products.
Less than ten minutes later, the nice waitress was calling my name with my food.
Friendly people, cultured foods.
And the food was well worth the wait!!
They sell italian foods...canned tomatoes, pasta, meats and cheeses and also have the deli.
If you're looking for a delicious homemade sub try this place.
The vegetables and fruits are always so fresh and the baked items can't be beat.
Ammmmmmmazing quality of food, staff, service and selection!
If you love food this is a gem of a place to get your ingredients from.
So helpful and knowledgeable the staff, the prices are great and did i mention the food-yum!
Of course, the food is fresh--you're not going to find expired food on the shelves here.
It's still a great place to buy fresh food at great prices!
First of all, when i shop here i'm basically there for the produce, meats, cold cuts and italian food.
Their forte is brands that you can't find anywhere else, lots of indie, trendy food.
I have a friend who's child has severe food allergies and shops here all of the time.
The italian food selection is fantastic as are their cold cuts and cheese, so much variety.
This market offers not only korean food but have japanese as well.
I try to come here not too often because i end up buying food i really do not need.
But come visit on occasion, they really have some neat food here.
I felt like cattle in a line to get my food.
He was very patient and the food was great!!!
The food is good and the cappuccino is killer.
I would advise taking food to go if you do plan on going.
Both were delicious and i love to go here whenever i can.
Growing up in an italian family back east i was privy to really good, authentic italian food.
Everything fresh, homemade, completely filling and delicious.
So delicious that i could not bear to leave a trace of it on the paper it came wrapped in.
I enjoy the deli counter at the front.
Really strong selection of indian foods.
They have a good selection of fresh fruit/veggies, and the meat selection was fresh and vast.
The meats (pulled pork & brisket) were tender and delicious.
Food is awesome every time.
It's a little on the pricier side, but they are fine food after all.
It is the best price for for the amount of food you get.
Be aware that you can sample any of the food on the line!!
Oh, they also have a large shopping area filled with kitchen items and food preparation supplies.
Stop in for the best experience you can hope for with food!!
Je vous conseille de goûter au ''chanel no10'' qui sont des sushi tempura avec des garnitures de fruits de mer.
Seeing my food made is awesome!!
I also like their ready to warm up food section.
When you warm it up at home it is delicious you don't even miss the meat.
The lady at the deli counter was very nice and pleasant.
Great food at great price.
I may try the hot table counter foods quicker than anticipated.
The food is *so* quality and the portions are huge!
Proper authentic desi food, for a decent price.
And let me tell you, everything was delicious and these are some generous portions!
I love it, the staff is nice, the food is fresh, and i will be a regular.
Bbq is high quality and delicious.
There are a lot of great deals here on food and other items.
Hands down the best place in phoenix to shop for fresh seafood.
That's how fresh the seafood is, and, they clean and cut your choice of fish for free.
I have seen more varieties of mushrooms here than on food network!
Just wish they had more choices in deli meats.
Met up with helen y for something new, indian street food (chaat).
Pull pork, meatball, chicken salad sandwiches and more delicious things.
However, the best part of the whole experience is the fruit picking.
Looking for yummy foods and snacks?
Always happy with the produce and fresh fruit selections--i even bought kale there last week.
Deli is busy after work and for good reason.
I love the hot, prepared foods here, too.
A much better and healthier alternative to fast food.
From prepared foods to groceries to desserts and coffees, you'll pretty much be set here.
Many ethnic foods you're looking for....decent prices.
They are $1.19/lbs compared to the 3lbs they bought at whole foods for $1.99/lbs.
They also sell delicious homemade kettle corn and peet's coffee beans.
Very solid fruterie - my new go-to for fruits and vegetables, and dry goods.
Decent cheese selection, all staple groceries and dry goods + a fair few ethnic-y and health foods are there.
I learned something about trader joe's: the frozen food truck arrives late in the morning.
My one complaint is some deli department staff move extremely slow, particularly when you need multiple meats sliced.
Lovely selection of deli meats, cheese and antipasti!
Great place for a variety of asian and eastern european foods/sauces.
Great if you don't have the time to order food.
Then, you wander across the store to their fresh seafood and meat section.
The seafood guys were eager to help us out, because once you pick your fish, they go to work.
Excellent food with excellent price.
The whole atmosphere was very enjoyable and the food was good.
Anyone who enjoys food should check out this restaurant, especially if you're vegetarian.
The dry food products are in the front.
The deli, prepared foods, and pastries are on the perimeter and seating is in the middle.
The pizza slices were extra large and delicious, i got the pepperoni.
This place is pretty good for people who are looking for asian food.
I love fresh and easy organic foods there!
We can avoid gain weight by eating healthy food from there!
Phoenix is blessed to have this delicatessen.
A tiny, adorable and very inviting  fruit shop on a huge sidewalk stretch of beaubien.
This is comfort food, and has one of the best menus of any diner i've ever been to.
This and the wholefoods on mayo are my two places to get groceries!
But, i have given up trying to find fresh seafood in *any* grocery store!
Nothing but the best customer service and freshest food options to offer.
Highlights for me were affordable spices, delicious baked goods, good tea selection, and middle eastern housewares.
Not to mention the variety of food items you can get.
Oh and by the way...the food she made was outstanding!
Now it is really a market but they have food service.
This place never ever runs out of goods, food or liquor.
The groceries in this target seem to have a larger selection than others, including some fresh fruits and vegetables.
There herb and vegetable plants are usually 2 for $5, a very inexpensive way to start your own garden.
We just get overwhelmed by the tasty food.
A tiny little pinch will make your rice golden and delicious.
The food itself was good.
Great store for grocery beautiful produce and a good selection in the deli.
They also have lots of pre-made food that you can eat there or take with you.
Also a few locations have barbecue grill lunches that are a great value for tasty food.
Moderately cheap in price and great overall food.
We just love walking the aisles and look at all the different food items and picking something out to try.
Lots of interesting vegetables and  this time of year they have persimmons!
There's a bakery, fresh foods for on the go, some fine groceries& even a area for candy& other treats.
Food was ono, taste just like back home.
My favorite grocery store is traders or whole foods but vons has great sales and customer service.
I would eat their rice everyday and lastly but not least their hummus is smooth and delicious.
We needed breakfast, which i was going to pick up, and lunch, which needed to be delivered.
Caitlin made the process easy, the food that was served was of good quality and fresh.
Delivery was on time and professional.
Produce options are many, including most typical fruit choices (apples by the pound or preset weight, grapes, etc.)
The boar's head deli meat and cheese selection is also a perk.
I love indian food but realized today little india provided me with my first authentic experience!
If you are vegetarian and looking for some adventurous, tasty, and healthy food this is the place to go!
Just got a delivery thru grubhub.
So fresh and delicious but also healthy!
Im a whole foods fanatic !
Lots of organic and fair trade, but way cheaper than whole foods.
Kind of hard to get to but food is good.
The deli is clean and their lunchmeat is always so fresh.
I love their juice bar, all fresh and nothing added besides veggies and fruit!
The prices are reasonable for the food.
The only drawback is the non-availability of fresh indian vegetables.
They do have frozen vegetables though.
Their pizza - in the deli - is yummy!
Their donuts are always fresh and delish.
There is nothing that makes me happier then seeing an array of vibrant colours of different fruits and vegetables.
Good food made even better by the exceptionally nice service.
This place is hands down the best food in arizona.
One of the best places to go to if you need to shop for asian food.
Guilty pleasures  if you're familiar with whole foods, it's your typical store.
I know the prices at whole foods can seem a tad high at times, but so are the options.
The prepared food is as good if not better then many restraunts, especially when it comes to the deserts.
I like shopping at this target, it has healthy food options and a good selection of the basic drugstore items.
I do wish the deli and pharmacy were open later, but that's the only complaint.
This target does sell a lot of unique and healthy foods such as leslie stowe.
Quality delicious italian food and products.
Stop in if you're looking for the best italian food in phoenix!
I love whole foods !
We'll be back to review the food tomorrow.
Yes food city is cheaper but they have quality i love peppers red, yellow, orange.
Large frozen selection of baked items, pre-made foods, pie crusts, philo dough, etc.
I'm certain the canadian stores also sell lots of delicious chickens as well!
I did notice they do have some prepared meals/hot food to order when i came through.
Love the food and the grocery store it is inside of.
The isles are clean, nothing on the floors and food looks fresh!
But the cheese section was a little limited and some of the deli items didn't look all that fresh.
However, processed foods like applesauce or pasta sauce tend to be a bit expensive.
The prepared food section is undoubtedly the very best among all the t&t i've frequented.
But, as it turns out, a lot of there other prepared foods are good too.
I'd put it somewhere between a publix and a whole foods.
I love this market for three reasons: seafood, seafood, and seafood.
Good bbq food and friendly staff.
There's so much food that it's stacked on the floors almost up to the ceiling.
I have this unheard rule for ethnic food.
It was waaayy to much food for the quick and easy lunch i was imagining.
Their fruits are fresh and offer a good supply of organic items at reasonable prices.
They have a variety of breakfast food items to choose from.
I always find great prices on fruit here.
Seriously, their fruit prices kick ass.
Good place to buy cheese and european delicacies.
I'm like oh my, but then i thought - hope they deliver it.
Some of the products offered are such junk food it sort of disappoints me.
I know it's not a health-food store, but i do wish they'd carry more real food type products.
I love having a quick lunch here or shopping for unique culinary delights!
It's really a privilege being able to enjoy niccoli's deli, the food is made to order and delicious.
It's clean and their vegetables and bread are always fresh.....those are huge requirements for me.
This is the first whole foods i'd ever actually shopped at.
Plus, the 365 brand (the whole food's brand) is relatively inexpensive and delicious.
Also, on wednesdays, the hot foods are $5.99/lb, which is a good deal for breakfast foods or lunch.
The location is great and i especially love food truck thursdays!
I also use it for food and supplies for office events.
They were delicious and huge!!!
Stopped by for some lunch and it was delicious.
This place is a one stop shop if you want healthy pure and cruelty free products and food.
I go here for fresh ingredients to make my favorite foods.
Like greek, thai soup and many delicious dishes.
Great place to stock up on asian seasonings and vegetables.
This place is delicious and the servings are the perfect size.
This is what i imagine to be a very authentic indian market that serves wonderful food.
This colorado based grocery chain is kind of a cross between whole foods and sprouts.
The al hana food in store is just ok for me it doesnt beat family recipes.
This little whole foods packs a mean punch.
I've eaten here numerous times at all hours of the day and always had delicious results.
Vernon dairy facebook page for their rotating weekly food selections.
Well, organic food from the farm is much healthier of course  .
Best little italian deli in phoenix.
Again indian food is all about taste.
I didn't even know they had a bulk food section-that's how multi-farious this joint is.
The food really is the mvp at this place!
Nothing special, pretty typical food lion but i would go back!
Just about the only place i shop for food or household items.
Four stars for the good selection considering their size, and the delightfully downtrodden staff.
Good detox from all the crap food on the strip.
Good selection of seafood and other meats.
There is a wide variety of foods to choose from.
The quality of food is excellent.
La fruiterie est la petite épicerie de quartier que j'ai récemment adoptée : c'est bon, c'est frais, c'est bio.
Design and ambiance: 4 stars;  coffee and dessert: 4 stars;  service: 4 stars;  food: 3.5 stars.
They had pretty good selection of seafood.
Their vegetables were also fresh and green.
I also noticed a lot of great snack foods and even a small bulk foods section.
The "green flash ipa" looks delicious and a few other caught my eye.
Next time we are here i think we will order some food from the counter.
They whole foods style self serve buffet line is great in theory for cold items.
When you prepare hot foods it is really important to keep these items fresh.
The soup they offer was a broccoli and cheddar and was delicious.
They also have available for use while here ipads while you eat your food.
Lots of samples to be had in their deli and produce sections.
There's even a small cafe that sells premade food and 6-packs, if you're into that.
Sprouts is like a more expensive version than trader joes and a less expensive place than whole foods.
They have a clean selection of veggies and fruits, as well as other "natural" products.
Thank goodness good food still exists =)
I used to love to wander the aisles and see all of the delicious food.
The thing i love the most now, as an adult with food sensitivities, is their naturally soergel's section.
Set apart from the rest of the market, it is a shop dedicated to those with food allergies and sensitivities.
Very clean and great selection of home items, food choices including bakery, dairy and meats.
I'm so impressed with the food.
It has a starbucks and a food center, like all usually do.
I recently made a catering order here.snd was pretty happy with their food .
You will find foods for different cuisines - chinese, philippino, canadian, middle eastern and more.
Deli, cashier and floor staff were pleasant and helpful.
Can't say anything about the prepared food, but for snacks/drinks, they have quite a lot of options.
He always enthusiastic about the seafood etc.
When we got there around 8:20 all the seafood was still on display minus the crab legs like promised.
Best middle eastern food in the city.
Lots of food options.
We decided to try this one out on our local food journey.
The best italian sub since i went to a local deli in chicago.
I was amazed at how much food was able to fit in this little tiny market.
50-75 % off i shop here often great fresh food and decent prices.
I came for the meat and seafood selection and it is hands down the best selection i have seen.
We eat here regularly and find that the staff and food are great.
Super affordable food, huuuuuuuge selection, and really cheap delivery!
The only time our grocery delivery was late was because the poor delivery guy's car broke down.
Kinds of spendy but what can you expect for real food.
Felt like a kid in a candy store...only with delicious cheeses!
The food is awesome.
Apparently, this means "street food".
You order by grabbing a card, ticking off the food you want and giving it to the server.
But, eating is believing--you get a lot of delicious food for your money here.
There's cheese, but all the food here is otherwise veggie.
This oil is so fresh and delicious and comes in many different varieties, all freshly pressed.
Good selection of oriental food near south end
This place is hands down the best middle eastern food in arizona (yes, even pita jungle..).
Very nice selection of feta cheeses, olives and the deli.
They have a large assortment of all your typical asian snack foods such as pocky and chips.
At the back, you can find prepared foods and sushi.
This is one of my favorite food place in coraopolis.
The variety of healthy food is just so good.
Good selection of middle eastern and mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex.
Other tenants include several restaurants and other establishments - for dentistry, electronics, services, even a food court.
Talking about great customer service and being a good representative for fry's food, that would be christina.
Second, the selection of foods, perfect for my family.
Another person in my party ordered a meatball sub and shared the same sentiments - absolutely delicious!
In my opinion, this place has the best breakfast food in pittsburgh.
But the food makes up for the crap service and is well worth the inconvenience.
They akso have a nice selection if meats, fruits, and veggies that are high quality and reasonably priced.
Even my parents buy food items here.
My girlfriend bought christmas gifts of food to ship here last year.
It is a great place with a lot of good food.
But overall i do plan to go back & try their deli.
The fresh food looked & smelled soooo good!!
All the  meat, seafood, and vegetables are very fresh here.
The bakery/sushi/pre-made food sections are pretty small though.
Great place to shop for oriental food.
There are lots of ethnic food here that i like.
The produce section has a great selection year round of fresh vegetables!
Trust me, this was a haven shopping here for oriental food.
Deli counter w/ some yummy dishes to go..
They've got all kinds of asian food here that you can think of.
Most items are koreans but they also have all different kinds of ethnic food that you can't find elsewhere.
Also, be aware of fruits that you purchased here.
Got a muffin for breakfast sandwich and was recommended a delicious latte.
Top notch spot for good food and good atmosphere
I was traveling to the area for work and was actually looking for a whole foods near by.
Plenty of meats and cheeses available from the deli, plenty of dry pasta.
There are some cute decorations you can buy as well, though the main focus is food.
There is a concession stand that serves food items like burgers, fries and hot dogs.
I would recommend triple b farms to everyone who enjoys fall, food and everything else that comes with it!
I come here primarily for the prepared food section.
They have containers with a wide selection of prepared food ready to go.
They also have mexican food, enchiladas, burritos, etc.
Delicious, nice vegetarian and vegan selection, smoothies too!
He has tried other meats and says they are all delicious.
So if anyone approaches you selling food don't buy it!
All the food spoils quickly from the heat.
Miyamoto carries a great variety of japanese food-stuff, ranging from prepared meals to tea to snacks.
We bought some delicious japanese rice balls (onigiri) and left.
It's a good place to shop for food.
The gentleman at the cash register told me everything was vegetarian and recommended everything because everything was delicious.
Fresh pastas, great deli, unique italian groceries.
My local whole foods in california is an absolute nightmare most of the time!
Imagine my surprise when i walk into whole foods in scottsdale and it is a ghost town.
I am so jealous this is not my local whole foods!
Decent selection of health foods.
Great food, good price.
Very excited, it's hard to find great vegan food in the city.
Their organic produce is less expensive than whole foods.
I could not live without korean food, as it is ingrained into my dna.
Safeway also offers home delivery.
You can use all your electronic coupons and discounts for home delivery as well.
Asiana carries a majority of korean items though they surprisingly sell eastern european, indian, filipino and chinese food as well.
The red bean is the most delicious one and it's the most popular one.
The bakery/deli counter lady told us), so i got onion bread & whole wheat bread instead.
I had to get a few produce items that i knew i'd find at whole foods!
I love this market for middle eastern/indian food supplies.
The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious.
I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!!
I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious.
As if it weren't convenient enough, cap centre offers a delivery service, free of charge, for purchases over $40.
Any gripe i might have about the prices being a smidge high, is offset by the uber-convenience of free delivery.
Books and food are a match made in heaven.
Even if you don't want asian food there meat seafood and vegetable section is worth coming for
Selection - good vegetable / dry good selection but terrible concerning meat.
I bought 7 items (eggs, handmade vege burritos, quinoa vegetable patties, etc...)   my bill was $11.
I think i will continue to put this on my rotation (aldi, giant eagle, whole foods, etc...)
Really good prices, but sometimes the fruits & vegetables can be suspect.
I just avoid fruits and veggies.
There fruits are always fresh and their prices are even better than walmart on most things.
It is also well stocked and the fruit and veggie quality is excellent.
Had a hankering for an italian sub and man did this place deliver.
The sub was built on freshly baked bread, the dressing was home made, and the meats fresh and delicious.
Always delicious-especially the crockpot meals.
Delicious brisket and generous side portions.
They have ready-made food in the back, like packaged salads, sandwiches, dinner plates etc.
Compare that to the garbage many fast food joints serve for the same price.
I love me some whole foods!
I love the hot vegan bar and the loads of plant based food options.
Whole foods has something for everyone.
While whole foods can get expensive - it's best to pick and choose what you buy here.
Soul food sunday, anyone?
But this would be the closest store similar to trader joe's or whole foods to home.
It was absolutely delicious!!
The food was great and the wine was wonderful.
This is a great play for foodies or a now brunch with the girls.
Typically when i need some quality meat to grill or some fresh seafood.
You have to understand the food before you go :).
This place is fantastic - full service grocery of persian/mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.
Their international foods aisle has some fun items that we've enjoyed trying.
It's a much needed source of fresh and quality food in the laveen area.
Love this store, love the food, nothing bad to say about this place!
I love that they have taken out the "crap" from the food and offer alternatives.
It is korea's national dish, with a main vegetable ingredient such as napa cabbage.
It was amazingly delicious.
The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.
Cool idea to offer bulk grains, too, without having to go to whole foods for them!
I love whole foods.
I frequent 3 whole foods store.
You'll spend half the amount you would at whole foods.
It's like walking into your favorite kitchen and smelling all your favorite foods being cooked at once.
The the market carries a wide-selection of middle eastern and european foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.
There was a great variety of food available but the line of carts at each register averaged about 20 carts.
Which includes a lot of food for 3-4 people.
They have a large  natural and organic foods selection.
The meat department and deli are great.
My husband and i were looking for a farmers market for fresh, organic food and produce.
So far we ate the bowl, juice, sandwich and soup and they were absolutely delicious!
That was in germany, but imagine my delight when they start popping up all over the usa!
I would one day like to return for all the prepared foods as well.
I will return again, if i find i need some korean food supplies.
Look out whole foods.
Food is yummy, prices are great, full of indos all the time, for me a fun ambiance.
Lots of fresh fruit and vegetables.
Best salad bar, soups, deli sandwiches, and the pizza is baked in a brick oven!
Superb customer service, especially at the sandwich and deli counters.
I like that they carry such a variety of asian food products.
The meat and fish deli is good too.
The fruits and veggies are very fresh here.
Get the pork tocino (delicious sweet sausages).
Fantastic foodie paradise, worth the treat!
The guys at the seafood counter helped me out a lot and were very pleasant.
Joe is a master behind the deli line.
Large selection of fruits as well.
Everything is $1.50 with a few food items at $1.00.
Honestly, i haven't had a myriad of foods here.
They also have a great seafood section.
We come to this safeway every week like clockwork to stock up on food for the rest of the week.
Also, i cringe when i have to go to the deli counter because the service is usually atrocious.
I don't find that to be the case at the meat and seafood counter.
The selection of ethnic foods is also pretty good!
No foodie in her right mind would turn down such bread.
The chocolate section made me homesick for the wonderful polish delicatessens of my childhood in parkdale.
Publix has the best produce, deli and bakery.
Went to niccoli's for lunch last week with my hubbs and we are so happy we found this little deli!
Seriously both were delicious.
So happy to have an italian deli near us.
A very nearby whole foods was just what the doctor ordered.
Very low key pleasant place to food shop.
Forget whole foods and sprouts!
This is now going to be my store for indian vegan packaged foods!
The lotus deli is inside the market, so it's a perfect spot to grab lunch, and do some shopping too!
This is a perfect place to get a quick asian food fix in the middle of the city.
I enjoy the ready-made food from this store, which are reasonably priced.
Our staples there are  1) fruit and veggies - great selection and prices.
And of course the food is amazing.
The new remodeled store is very nice and has much more selection of fresh fruit and veggies.
Very very good food.
We had the tri-tip, carnitas, sausage, pulled pork... all delicious.
Great place to buy brown rice, oysters, fish or seafood from.
The only downfall is sometimes they have fruit that is a little moldy.
They have prepared food hot or cold.
They have competitive prices on veggies and fruits.
In addition to the regular metro flyer, i always receive a separate one dedicated to kosher food in my mailbox.
The place is full of italian specialty foods.
I picked up a bottle for $8.99 and it's deliciously fragrant.
I really enjoy the deli here as well.
If you don't know where to go for asian food/ingredients go here you will not be disappointed.
Great line of hot food & salad bar available each day!
Place has some very nice prices of food there!
Just go there for the food.
Fresh fruit and veg amazing.
There's a great international - not just asian - array of dry foods and frozen foods.
A close second is their version of a devil dog...holy cow, this is a great place for foodies.
Excellent product selection, with everyday and upscale products, nice prodiuce, bakery and prepared food selections.
I typically use the deli section for a few prepared items which are very good and over priced.
Close by real convenient for my pinoy food needs.
More produce and fresh food than any smart & final i've been to.
Next you see the fruits and veggies, and you'll be well on your way to produce heaven.
The array of unique healthy foods definitely helps my cause.
Little open air grill with good food.
Delicious, and brush up on your spanish,
It's also great that it's located just 5 mins from me so picking up food basics was pretty convenient.
Their dried fruit and spice selections are amazing.
It was huge and delicious.
Focusing on desi foods, this store is well organized, with nice wide aisles for you to browse through.
I love the produce section it's always clean and the fruits are beautiful.
The deli is cool, my boys usually go crazy in this section grabbing cheese, humus, soups, crackers, etc...
Plus the deli is clean and the help is that...helpful!
The market has a restaurant attached that u can order food from.
Very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and the history of the restaurant.
Quaint italian grocery and deli, they seem to be the real deal.
Tasty food, overall nice atmosphere, tables may be a little sticky--use lots of napkins!
They also have a great deli section, i love their curried chickpea salad.
Samples are my favorite - especially along the deli and cheese isle.
Lots of samples to.try their fruit and their products.
Healthy food, friendly staff, and within walking distance of my house.
Above decent food, impressive, detail focused and diligent service.
Niccoli's is a great little neighborhood deli.
The owners are great people and a lot of love goes into their food.
It's like a smaller version of a whole foods market without the whole foods prices.
I have been going here for years for meat and other middle eastern delights.
It's whole foods merge with trader joes.
I usually leave with more organic veggies and half the price in comparison to whole foods!
We recently visited and thought the food was pretty yummy.
We were told they are made on the premises and it was delicious.
Fresh vegetables looks good and very cooperative price.
And an antipasti feast it was...following a delicious lunch....mmmmmm.
How she thinks these will evoke any kind of flavor into food, i have no idea.
I have ordered 150 cakes and the cakes we have purchased from here are just as delicious.
Food court review - about $7-8 for the poutine and vanilla ice cream!
I always love the food court here because it is very convenient and inexpensive.
But the food is worth it and u can grab something to eat while u're shopping or to go.
- "nobody leaves the deli without a full belly" according to ken.
You will get samples at the deli, and stuff is so delicious you will take some home.
Typically i don't really seek out or buy health type foods.
They have most everything packed tightly into a small space, including a fully-functioning bakery, deli and dairy bar.
I love their "boot list" which lists foods they boot containing bad ingredients to ensure clean foods only.
The choley was a delight to have.
Overall - highly recommended to get your indian groceries and munch some good food while you are at it.
They carry uncured bacon, not-from-concentrate juices, natural grain breads, and some gourmet frozen foods too.
Unlike other fruiteries in the city this place always has fresh produce.
Which i also find isn't common with other fruiteries.
I didn't know longo's had a ready made food area like that in this location.
I'll be back to try other foods there soon
In my opinion they take a page out of whole foods playbook, and expand on it exponentially.
The frozen items are also a decent prices as well as pet food i highly recommend winco stores
Get your car wash right in front & have your self a delicious thriftys ice cream!
No clue why this place averages three stars, because it is delicious!!!
This is a great place for asian food.
Con- the food is not all healthy as most of the food is processed and unhealthy.
Thankfully the oriental food counter on the left as you walk in is no longer there.
They have a great mexican food place inside with wonderful specials.
The seafood selection here is excellent and very cheap.
Other items include bamboo chopsticks, fresh soy milk, rambutan, lychees, and longan fruit.
The seafood and meat section is the most appealing part of this store.
If you're going to cook vietnamese food, you need to come here.
The breakfast and lunch sandwiches are delicious and the hot food bar has a solid selection.
I stopped by once during my stay and kept coming back thanks to the food and service.
They have a huge frozen foods selection, with dim sum and wontons and dumplings and noodles.
The fruits and veggie selection is okay, but i prefer other stores.
Now go get some good food.
One of the best salad bars in town, and the best out of all the whole foods in vegas.
I loved the bacon jam on the turkey sub, and the meatballs and red sauce were delicious.
They are carrying more us brand foods but keep that uk flavor.
There's a hot bar, desert bar, sushi bar, and prepared cold foods that you can eat for lunch.
This food is close to home.
Awesome fry's prices with an extensive collection of food!
Family owned and provides great food set affordable prices.
I also love all the varieties of ethnic foods!
The food was absolutely delicious (i recommend the sweet italian sausages!
So, delicious food, and professional employees who are interested in service!
The food in the restaurant i can only judge by the kefta sandwich that i ordered.
The aisles are packed with food.
Owners conscience of carrying a variety of supplements and food products that are healthy and and quality driven.
Lots of holistic foods, organic goods and vitamins/supplements.
The fingers and fries were delicious.
Oh yeah, i must mention their fruits and veggies...dude, they're like fresh out of a picture!
Hong kong is pretty big supermarket for se asian food and products.
They carry food items and products for vietnamese, thai, filippino, chinese, malaysian, singaporean and indonesian.
The food bar here is not the best, though; the other wfs have a much bigger and better selection.
They have an amazing selection of deli meats, cheese, a hot counter and more!
Excellent food at the cafe, all of their salads are excellent my husband loved the what what sandwich.
The service is inconsistent but the food outweighs  the service so i will continue to go...
The service was friendlier, price was better, and my family approved of the food options.
Meat is unsurpassed and ultra fresh and live seafood.
Very good fresh fruits, veggies and good bulk items like granola, seeds and nuts.
Also wish they had a better selection of cheese, have to go to whole foods for that.
They also make rice cakes and kimbap (ready to eat food) at the front.
Great for authentic eastern european foods!
The store has a super large selection of fruits/vegetables and the prices aren't too bad especially for the publix brand.
Great food and service.
Food is really good too, with a changing seasonal menu.
Very helpful staff and generous amount of food.
:)  read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
The packaged onigiri here was delicious.
Deli, bakery and sit down entrees for breakfast lunch and dinner!
I've been going to this whole foods for quite awhile and they always have everything i need.
Pasta, breadcrumbs, olive oil, and a delicious loaf of foccaccia bread.
But the food is still very good.
Still one of the best places in the valley to get korean food.
I came here the second time mainly focusing on snack and food items.
The so and i came in here to get ingredients for a seafood dinner.
The lady at the seafood counter is awesome!
We will be shopping at this location in the future, especially for our seafood and bakery needs!
They lose a star for not accepting credit cards, and also for the old food that was left out.
They make a fab single-serving vegetable lasagna topped with breadcrumbs.
Food is a little expensive but good.
Tortilla presses to flour to sauces - my go to place for great mexican food supplies and ingredients!
Very cheap and fresh and tasty food.
We going to costco every week with our parents and doing split of the food.
Lots of organic food, healthy products,very sweet berries and so cheap macaroons!
Maybe they don't have an employee break room for employees to grab some food before or after their shifts.
Tj's has low prices, fresh food & genuinely nice employees!
Their prepared foods pricing is fair and their catering prices are excellent.
Prepared food favorites are their potato food, tuna salad, broccoli salad, egg salad and prepackaged salads in the cooler.
It has everything you need from fresh-baked breads, a deli, and a bakery all in one location.
The coffee is delicious and their pecan rolls are rather intense.
I loved the sausage roll and fresh deli meats.
They have a simple, selection of good quality foods.
Free samples of noodles or dumplings is always a bonus and the red bean waffles at the front are delicious.
Produce can be hit or miss so double check bloor fruit across the street before you do any major purchases.
Frozen food items, especially in the larger sizes, are always a worthwhile purchase at smart and final.
Thus, it has become a 'special occasion' food.
I'm not big on the meat or the produce, but, everyday foods, cleaning supplies,ect.
We love their pre-made deli salads and sandwiches.
Staff was helpful and food came quick too.
I grew up in the samoan islands and greatly miss the foods i used to eat.
Taro and taro leaves, baby bok choy, fresh leechy and dragon fruits... the list goes on.
And if you want the best selection of fresh sea food and meats, you just can't beat the mekong.
The mekong is an adventure in wonderful foods.
Thanks to the mekong, i can now cook real samoan food!
Love me some whole foods =] i do a lot of my grocery here.
The meats and seafood are always fresh but a lil on the pricy side.
This whole foods on the other hand is a lil smaller than others.
They also cater food for parties.
They changed owners in the past, but the quality of their food hasn't changed.
That is the sound of me after a visit to lina's, stuffing myself full of tasty italian foods.
They have a wonderful selection of imported goods, and the deli is well stocked and delicious.
I think there was over 20 vendors including both food and art.
They have great deli foods.
Right when you come in there's a few tables full off fruits and their specials, which very welcoming.
Whole foods is great about having new things in stock.
They represent whole foods very well.
Thank you whole foods!!
If every grocery store had their people lay grapes with that enthusiasm we would eat more fruit!
I really enjoyed the food though
I usually come here for food first.
All the food choices alone make this the place to go instead of lee lee's or asiana anymore.
Lots of cool stuff in the meat and seafood department.
Lots of chinese and japanese foods.
Great place to find latin food.
Also the vegetables empanadas were very good too.
Most of f&e food and products are their own brand.
Heads up, that mad-delicious dressing packet packs a 200-calorie wallop.
Whether it's prepared foods, catered items or regular groceries.
Lots of different varieties of food to choose from.
They have some ready made foods also.
Nothing fancy but there are good prices, fresh vegetables and some items you will not find at harris teeter.
The main market inside is full of produce, pastries, cheese & meats, décor items, gluten-free foods, and so much more.
You could spend hours inside their market finding unique foods and treats.
You can find festival foods like burgers, nachos, hotdogs, pulled pork, and of course apple cider.
For the hot deli, it tastes better and fresher.
If you want to enjoy good food sit and eat there.
The staff is very stubborn and thinks that it's our first time eating desi food.
Free samples of food?
Yes they serve food, and it's greasily delicious, but who needs it?
Seafood is fresh, and has a wide range of frozen products.
Cooked food is a bonus too!
I have spent multiple lunch break in this foodcourt and the food is decent and abundant too.
My son is in love with the smoked sausage and rightfully so, it's delicious.
Loads of vitamins, some small gifts/cards/home items, and your typical health store packaged foods and refrigerated items.
I agree with others that this place is a happy medium between sprouts and whole foods.
It has a 'small town' natural foods store vibe, which i like, but still modern with a great selection.
I am so happy i live so close to this deli, i will be back for sure.
The produce and meat departments are a bit small but the deli area is very good.
The frozen food and specialty foods areas are very extensive.
Lots of health food alternatives that you don't see elsewhere.
The store consists of a market, a deli and even has an area with kitchen supplies.
We have tried a variety of their meats in the deli - the prosciutto is so lovely.
They have some other prepared items available in this area, i have tried the spanakopita and it was delish.
I even got dragon fruit here the other day.
Grabbed a delicious cake and the coffee of the day.
Great service and great food!
I also found a huge container of white grapefruit juice.
Food: 4.5 stars everything else: 2 stars   i walked in and was so confused.
I had no idea how to order food.
Food came out insanely fast and i loved shopping for groceries while i waited.
The food was really good.
I would definitely recommend this place for fast and light indian food.
At little india i can get just as much food as i need and at a price that cannot beat.
Their hot food is pretty good!
I was looking for mangoes & soursop fruit but too bad they didn't have it that day.
I love going to this whole foods.
I use the deli counter, hot and cold bars and juice bars most often.
The food is wonderful, don't get me wrong.
And of course the food is amazing.
Gourmet food at budget prices.
Yes, whole foods- move over.
They have a huge variety of asian foods and snacks.
The food court is well laid out and clean.
I noticed a seating area for patrons who wanted to dine inside the deli.
Niccoli's chops the meatballs up and combines them with their delicious sauce.
The meat/deli employees are so helpful and makes sure you get the best of their products.
Really cute place to eat inside with great homemade food options, baked goods, and an ice cream parlor.
How do you spell your fruitarian breakfast?
I love that it has bulk foods, prepper foods, butter making machines.
I just figured the deli counter was huge enough to accommodate deli meats from other ethnicities, but no.
The food and quality is outstanding.
Pricey, but i have no problem paying for good food.
It has a small kitchen so they take some time to make the food.
Great selection of drinks, alcohol, ice creams, pastries, snacks and fresh fruits at good prices.
Right, their pulled pork sandwich in the deli area is also very good with a big portion of meat.
Will come back for more shopping and food.
The thing i really love about this store is the ready to eat food.
Just reading the ingredients of this all vegetable sandwich made my stomach growl with anger.
And, yes with that, rainbow end natural foods has earned yet another loyal and regular customer.
I've tried both rudy's and can't stop smoking and i think can't stop smoking's food is much better over all.
Great deli selection of meats and cheeses with knowledgeable friendly service.
The food simple, fresh, and yummy.
She's bengali and she said the curry here would not be like the indian food i'm used to.
The place looks a bit fast-foody but is bright and roomy, with lots of seating.
This is not the tomato-soupy stuff you get in food courts, this is a real sensory overload experience.
Big selection of meats and vegetables.
I think after using their web page to order and them not honoring free delivery, i am done with instacart.
All four of us really liked our food.
The deli and prepared foods looked great.
Picked up some seafood and produce.
But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section.
First off - my veggie panini from their restaurant was delicious .
Not something you'd expect from a small health foods market .
While very similar to a giant eagle market district or whole foods, the fresh market is something fresh and unique.
Yes it's expensive but, so is giant eagle market district and whole foods.
There's even a prepared food section with different flavors of wings, salads, sandwiches just to name a few.
Some of the prices were cheaper here than at whole foods or the market district and some weren't.
Kidding aside, you can find almost any vegetable, meat or sauce that you desire here.
Check out their kobe burger patties, delicious!
I'm impressed that with that small space the owner manages to fill it with variety of asian food.
The food and service are terrific.
I always come here for korean instant noodles, seafood balls especially fish balls (so fishy!
The breakfast and lunch buffet is a great option for food on fremont street with a great price!
Really good food, the combo for 6.99 plus tax was nice.
They have a huge prepared food section - hot meals, cold meals, sushi, soups etc.
They have a lot of specialty items - this is more their focus - cheeses/delis/breads/produce than the "normal" grocery items.
There is also a small bulk food section - candies/nuts/seeds etc.
All the vegetables are crisp and delicious.
On top of the excellent food and quality, the staff is amazing.
Food was great' i tried their chopped beef sandwich.
A very good variety of delis, cheeses and ready meals.
Thank you whole foods for understanding you don't need a big box foot print with every location .
Friendly, amazing family run italian deli.
Food is soo good, and the deli, well you can just never decide what to get!!
Italian subs are amazingly delish!!!
The deli was great, and made a very tasty roast beef sandwich to share with my son.
As a connoisseur of all things deli, the food here is awesome.
It's all authentic, fresh and delicious.
Sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town!
Great selections of food and meat products.
I love shopping at sunflower because i know i'm getting the best food for an awesome price!
Their bakery and deli section was nice and presentable.
Very clean and great selection of home items, food choices including bakery, dairy and meats.
Can't stop smokin's ribs were smoky and tender and delicious.
Next time i'm in the area, i'll stop here for food.
Over the years, i've become a vegetarian and started eating whole foods diet.
The aroma from the bakery is a true delight.
Good asian food market.
Scott was very helpful and allowed us to sample the foods.
The food was delicious and everything we had hoped for!!
--delicious soups --an amazing butcher block --a lovely supplement selection   yes, everything about this place rocks.
Excellent for this type of food.
They have an extensive frozen food department for everything you want to eat but don't know how to make.
They have a snack bar where some basic indian foods are sold.
The inside of this place is awesome, the people are friendly, and the food is great!
The deli sandwiches aren't worth the money but it's one of the better smiths in vegas.
You can't sit down here if you buy food - it's strictly to go.
The chicken was equally delicious and tender - cooked to perfection.
Hong kong international supermarket is a vast grocery store which offers all manner of asian delights under one roof.
A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!
It's more like a marketplace environment where you can order the food by weight.
But i go here for the deli, they have the best panini.
As a german, be assured: this is real ,delicious german food.
The cobbler is delicious!
They have certain food, products, and especially spices that you would not be able to find in the american stores.
I like to shop here because the fruits and vegetables are cheap and the seafood are fresh, not frozen!
They have a great selection of russian ( and not only) food and drinks!
Their deli counter is huge, with cold cuts and a big variety of cheese.
I like the food and drink options because it's convenient to grab something on my way in or out.
This is my preferred whole foods location.
They have good food and great service.
What a lovely little fruit & vegetable store.
Deli service is awesome too.
As well if you are looking for home goods like  towels dishes etc - nope its all about food here.
Usually pretty good prices on fruits and veggies.
But sometimes i don't need frills - i just need food.
... spices,  naan,  rice varieties,  yogurt,  buttermilk, and plenty of frozen foods options.
Awesome place for fresh vegetables, groceries including indian.big , spacious , open parking .we liked the indian organic lentils, sweets.
The food is only matched by the excellent service, everyone is kind and knowledgable.
I enjoy the deli-style setup and find it to be unique for a bbq restaurant.
Nice selection of food and house hold stuff.
The mashed sweet potatoes were so buttery and delicious!
I thought i was delicious!
Finally, my last friend ordered the vegetable falafel with vegan szechian sauce, paired with cranberry & almond quinoa.
I have to admit this was my least favorite of all the dishes, but it was still delicious!
It was soooo refreshing and delicious!
The produce is gorgeous, the bakery and deli section are well-stocked and look fantastic.
For gourmet food establishments dean & deluca is the cream of the crop.
Great service....lots of selection of food and food related items.
Find most everything you'd find in other grocery stores, but with a deli that i understand is to die for.
I got salad stuff, drinks, coffee, and fruit and was pleasantly surprised at the bill.
They have a deli area.
Their fruits and veggies always look terrific (and taste it too).
Their products are delightful and as i was told by the staff helping me, they get their apples from soergel's.
I always go for my fix of truffle goat cheese or cambozola cheese - really delicious stuff.
When you walk in, produce is to your right, followed by aisles with bulk food, condiments, sauces, dressings.
The next two aisles are frozen foods.
Juices and chips precede the salad bar and deli sections.
Also spotted a good selection of dried fruits, except the prices were not clearly marked.
I haven't tried the deli meats,  just the different sausages.
Today i also purchased some white wine sauerkraut, smells delicious.
I will definitely be coming back and exploring their selection of health food and trying out the cafe.
If you pay attention to what is in season, you can often find vegetables that are 2-4 pounds per dollar.
Their seafood counter is the best i've found locally.
The turkey was moist and tender and had a flavor that was absolutely delicious.
All of the trimmings were delicious.
But anthony searched everywhere and finally delivered.
I still shop at the supermarkets for household goods, junk food, and other staples.
Lol....this is a specialty store that is a step above a whole foods or fresh market.
If you're a foodie you should definitely check it out!
Extremely fresh and delicious nuts.
Nevethless, it is a great place to do your grocery shopping if you're looking for authentic italian foods.
Oh, and of course they will make you a vegetable juice or sandwich to go.
I've had nothing but good experiences with the service and the food.
The food itself is very reasonably priced, and the portions are huge-- i always leave stuffed.
If you like hole in the wall places with extraordinary food, this is your place.
Sort of the mrs. white's of the indian food genre.
I tripped into this place when the chinese place i normally go to was closed for remodeling.
I asked the man at the register if they served food and he said "yes" and showed me the ropes.
The man noticed my obvious lack of knowledge of the indian food terms, so he made suggestions.
Not too fruity, not too thick.
Filled with vegetables and served with two sauces.
I knocked a hole in it and poured some sauce in it and it was an eye-rolling delight.
Thick vegetable soup with rice and a pita-type bread.
The flavors in all this food was pure.
This place is for the serious foodie.
Leurs fruits juste un peu moins frais sont vendus à rabais au centre du magasin.
There premade thai chicken salad is delicous too.
The deli rocks and is a great place to sneak off to lunch with or without friends.
Their center aisle & frozen foods can get a little pricey, but the produce is so fresh & very affordable.
With there various assortment of seafood and meats.
Not always super impressed with their food, but besides that they're great.
And they have a great selection of non-food items as well.
The dean & deluca wine room never fails to deliver some of the very best food in charlotte.
No pretense, just really great quality food with a creative flair, and good spirited and attentive service.
I also like their fresh fruit.
I used to like food better but still good tho.
So, if you want to recreate those happy mexican memories with delicious, magical mexican delights, get to la tiendona.
The produce and fruits are usually stocked and fresh.
They don't take phone orders.... aside from this, the food is excellent.
The neighborhood is seedy ( at best) but the food is worth the trip.
The monarch of asian grocery stores t&t is the essence of the oriental food nation.
Comparing foody mart has a much more tropical presentation.
8.5  seafood: clean, no foul fish rot smell.
8.5/10  hot foods: a bit lacking in choices compared to other t&t locations.
You got your standard dim sum counters, hot food, bbq, noodles and congee stations with dine in available.
Deli salads, savoury sauces and my favourite the best bruschetta in town.
"it's obvious that long-time loyal customers come for the food not the experience."
Always has a good selection and they are working on getting more organic foods which is nice.
Oh and i love their fried chicken in the deli.
Whole foods offers a variety of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Skip any temptation to go to a fast food drive-thru or other location with questionable ingredients like  hfcs and gmos.
Whole foods market offers a great neighborhood option for quick bites.
I found everything from beef tongue to fresh seafood to durian fruit.
They have an immense fruit and vegetable section.
They were explaining to me how to choose the best fruit (what to look for).
Really good food at their restaurant.
Haven't really shopped in the market, but they seem well stocked from what i saw waiting for my food.
Beautiful and broke from shopping at whole foods today.
It helps after a late night at work, on your way home, when you don't feel like eating fast food.
A swanky grocery store that has great food with quality ingredients.
It is kinda expensive, but it's good food, so it's worth a splurge now and then.
The have ready to eat warm/cold food available for lunch which is perfect if you need something quick and easy.
Food was tasty and tender as opposed to another restaurant next door also serving bbq.
There is a counter to order hot foods--hummus with meat and delicious eggplant baba ghanoush.
They have all the requisite korean fruits and veggies for authentic cuisine.
No bells and whistles, just hot tasty food straight up.
Also the deli sandwiches are so good and made to order plus some standard options like meatball, italian etc.
Sprouts has an awesome selection of natural and organic foods.
It was refreshing and delicious.
This is one of my favorite food-places to visit downtown.
Love the prepared food section.
I only wish they had food colouring and that the carts were kid safe.
This location has makeup, beauty, small food section with fridges, cleaning, and just about every supplement you can think of.
The items i always love to get from tj are:  +kale (affordable, pre-washed and delicious and only $1.99!
!, such a healthy food!)
The food is good and very reasonable on pricing.
Let's start with the deli.
The meat in the deli is fresh and extremely well-priced.
Apart from the deli, this is also a supermarket.
I'd rather go and spend money on the same stuff from wholefoods.
In my experience the pre-packaged veggies and fruits are a little better than the stuff straight from the produce bins.
Food court contains grill city, crispy town, and noodle street.
The meat and seafood section is towards the rear to your left as you walk in.
Food and super center.
When i was leaving i saw a car in front half full of delivery items.
The produce is plentiful and fresh, they have boars head at the deli, and they have organic options.
It reminds me of a small whole foods without the ridiculous prices.
I love the seafood counter here the best.
The seafood here is the freshest of all the grocery stores in the area.
The deli has a huge assortment of meat and cheese options for all of your sandwich needs.
Some things are priced a little high but to be expected with most health food stores.
The food is fantastic.
Whole foods, whole paycheck...but they have all the good shit.
The deli and bakery is amazing.
Their seafood is better than lee lee's but i do not like the pre wrapped produce here.
Unfortunately for me, i'm usually looking for specific herbs and vegetables and find myself driving farther down into chandler.
The thick cuts of flank beef with stir-fried vegetables in a savory brown soy sauce were excellent.
I like to shop for a different ethnic food, so i'm a frequent visitor at eastern market since it's opening.
I love this place for their variety of products, deli, bakery and take out meals.
It offers the most delicious homemade dishes that i could never make by myself or buy at any other stores.
Salads and wraps are very fresh and delivered with enthusiasm and a smile.
The food is flavorful and juicy.
The green mild sauce was a delicious addition.
Note: i did not include the seafood section because i don't eat seafood.
And boar's head deli meat.
The food is great, and the people here actually care about you & your opinions regarding their business.
It's right up there with whole foods in price and comparison!
But my favorite reason to shop there is the prepared food section.
They have everything we need and their bakery, deli, and fish is always fresh.
Nice and clean with delicious (if overpriced) desserts.
It's small but is crammed full of amazing korean food.
Anyway don't hesitate to go because the service was friendly, the food was fresh and they have amazing selection.
Great produce department.always will let you sample fruits
Limited seafood but they have a wide range of meat selection.
I got a very family vibe from the place, from the food to the service.
Outstanding deli, great food, service with a smile, and best of all my son in law bought lunch..
This market has great international products and foods at very good prices!
My favorite feta is the bulgarian but they are all delicious!
I am usually able to find healthy and interesting food items at this shop.
The curry bratwurst looked more pale than i'm used to seeing in bratwurst sausages, and tasted more delicate.
The food was amazing and plentiful.
I can't shop for fruit and veggies at a normal grocery store anymore!!!!!
Half store half deli.
They have a nice seafood dept too.
The coffee, the food, the shopping are all off the charts.
Not a fancy place - but the quality is definitely in every food item presented.
The produce department really shines, and i look forward to going back to visit the deli counter when it's open.
Second, it was pretty much true to its mission, providing a wide variety of ethnic foods from the middle east.
If you like to try different foods, stop by and give it a look.
Great indian snacks...i had the bhel puri with a delicious masala chai.
Both items were under $10 and the total amount of food would have been enough for 6 people.
(we bought some very cheap persimmons and pita bread while we waiting for our food).
We ordered food at 11-something, and it may have taken 15-20 minutes to arrive.
The store has an impressive variety of high quality health food products and ground up herbs/teas.
I will say the fajitas need more vegetables on them.
I've been trying the little treats, dried fruits inside also.
They also have alot of various peppers for purchase, a deli counter & cooler with various pops & fruit juices.
They're basically an all inclusive, posh food court for the bay.
They have various stations with all kinds of foods - sushi, pasta, burgers, sandwiches, indian food, sweets.
A lot of the foods are made to order in front of you, which is pretty nice.
They have a huge selection, and also offer gourmet food products, soaps and lotions, and even some beautiful serving dishes.
I will buy most goods from walmart over smiths, except for produce, meats, and vegetables.
Delicious & healthy snack that's like a bagel cream puff.
If you do come here, the deli made potato chips are heavenly.
I use to be all about whole foods, but after being here today, boy have i changed my mind!
You feel more like you are in a street food market or something.
Food is fresh and healthy!!
The meat, seafood and poultry are all top quality, but you'll certainly pay for it.
They also have a superb deli counter that has hot and cold items, and some really cool ones at that.
If you're looking for an authentic german meat counter/deli, look no further.
To put things in perspective, this is where local germans go for their deli meats.
They also carry a limited variety of cheeses, dried goods and other european food products.
Some of the most wonderful middle eastern food i have ever had.
I've never had fishy smelling items, wilting or early rotting vegetables or fruits, or off tasting items.
The food counters makes the typical chinese dishes and for $6 you get a full meal  (entree, side, and rice)!
As well as the meat and deli departments.
I also like the prepared foods department, it's hard to resist when you go by.
Has a pharmacy, bakery, seafood counter, meat counter and florist.
Fruits and vegs are always fresh.
Also, delicious fresh hummus in several different flavors, middle eastern treats, and a very sweet staff.
They have an amazing bulk foods section.
Also really great hot table for lunch - european foods like dumplings, pierogies, and schnitzel.
The cook took our order and served our food, and was very friendly to answer my husband's questions.
They were full of good ideas for the perfect accompaniments to their seafood selection; lots of recipe ideas.
They also have lots of frozen seafood - lobster tails, claws, king crab, stuffed crab shell, tons of shrimp, etc.
They've got all of the seasonings you could ever possibly need for seafood.
The breakfast food here is delicious!
The owner/cook takes pride in the food he serves and cooks everything fresh and to order.
This market smells very clean considering the fact that they sell live seafood and fish.
The deli carries high end meats and delicious pre-made dinners.
They make their own cold pressed fruit juice called fruit vibe.
The hot food bar for lunch every day is well done.
Their roasted vegetables and pizza are a take home favorite for my family.
The way their team laid out the food in our office was well done and complemented our space.
Decent selection of foods, but the produce is not that fresh.
Fresh fruits and veggies cold ice cream ready to eat foods the new cider house.
There is a huge deli which you have to grab a number for, and wait until they call it out.
They have delicious vodka smoked salmon which is my favorite, and also hot smoked fish.
It's just an overall fun experience for any foodie!
Great food - their lgbtq sandwich, half chicken entree and their smoothies are to die for.
This store was nice it had a deli, which my local marc's doesn't.
Sunflower market is the best...love the local food and friendly staff.
My weakness all their deserts, foods, and all the special goodness you can find there only.
In fact, only whole foods is more expensive.
This one has great quality items but the selection (aside from the deli) is pretty limiting.
All vegetables and fruits are top quality but selection is really limiting.
It's ok for basics but there's maybe only 9 types of fruit?
You go towards the back and there's a small tiny freezer area for frozen seafood.
The biggest deli i ever seen for a store this size.
Any and every possible deli or cheese you can think of, it's here and in multiples.
This deli is bigger than most fresh butcher sections of the big box grocery stores.
Overall, it's a cute little store that does deli and snacks very well.
I need more seafood, fresh veg and fruits in order to make this on my grocery store rotation.
Good fresh seafood, vegetables.
Love their fresh fish.good inventory of indian food items...like masalas, snacks.
Excellent food- tastes wonderful.
Always ladies with food there.
They include fry's.....whole foods......and trader joes.
I personally like the fact they have great deals on the produce, deli products....and fresh fish on a regular basis.
Food basics is still worth going to for the other prices, but geez.
It might be because it's winter and i need the food energy.
Food basics has the best craving-satisfying meal deals.
Huge selection of health food and everyday items you need when you're on the road.
I just had the available berry smoothie and it was absolutely delicious!
My son and i discovered that they have orange chicken, his absolute favorite chinese food, in their prepared foods department.
While it's definitely a sometimes food i'll usually pick him up a container as a treat.
Trader joe's has great food, friendly staff and the store is clean!
I mean, if i need groceries, pet food, and/or baby items, it's just convenient.
Nice wine flights as nicole w has stated....decent tapas style plates of food too.
Brisket amazing - don't need no teeth to eat that beef:)  ribs and pulled pork also delicious.
So, when i do want to buy junk food, i feel a little better about getting it at trader joe's.
The eclectic frozen foods offerings are also appealing.
I was given a sample of the chicken strips from the deli.
It takes time-lapse photography to see the deli personnel work.
The cashiers are nice and efficient, as well as the deli guys.
I do not shop here for the sides or vegetables due to prices being pretty high.
Note: we both come from italian family's who were raised on good ingredients that only a deli can have.
Warning: i love spicy food but their hot salsa is no joke!
Good food, homecoming vibes, and fun attitudes (sign above kulfi case reads "best samosa in america.").
Sometimes has long checkout lines :/   good hot food/restaurant section too.
I had the eggplant parmigiana, which was hearty and delicious.
A great vegetarian/vegan/raw food grocery store and cafe.
The texture was great with the softness of the pita and the crispness of the fresh vegetables.
Delicious, and works perfectly with my red wine cupcakes with cream cheese frosting recipe.
They have plenty of fresh veggies, seafoods and meat items.
They are always sampling chips and dip or some other food.
Great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables and foods from all across the world.
The foods are well-cooked and the atmosphere is memorizing.
The prices are a little high but you get real food.
The deli is a great place to grab lunch.
They also have a huge variety of groceries, sweets and organic foods in adjacent buildings.
Has great wine selection and lots of fresh foods (think bakery, salad bar, pizza station, deli, etc).
Great place, the food is delicious !
If you like mediterranean food go to this place !
Real authentic indiana food!
You can tell a lot about a spice and how it will enhance your food just from one good smell.
Their kimchi and side dishes are delicious.
They cook a lot of random things such as rice cakes, seafood pancakes, steamed buns, etc.
On a daily basis and all of the different ones i've tried were delicious.
Rainbow's end has a wide variety of health food products with a cafe and the food is great.
We had lunch at the food court.
The delicious taste of a spring roll from the hot food bar.
I usually come here for my asian condiments and live seafood.
The food was delicious and the people running the store and the stand were very nice.
They specialize in foods and ingredients from countries like thailand, vietnam, philippines, etc.
I have one across my street but i'd rather take the bus to this one to shop for food.
They taste delicious and there are so many options.
I also think you get good value since its slightly above fast food prices (in the area) for gourmet food.
It was definitely messy to eat (which is expected when ordering this type of food).
There is not just asian food here, but also american, mexican and indian.
There are difficult to find meats and interesting seafood items to try.
Pulled pork - delicious!
Considering i have ate at the other deli shops in that area niccoli's has my vote!
Everything is homemade and delicious!
Even as i was ordering my food at the counter, my 6th sense-crazy-krissy-dirty-restaurant alarm bells went off.
The food itself was pretty good -- i had the green goddess pita sandwich and j had the awesome blt.
The selection of kosher for passover foods that are also gluten free is quite significant.
Anyone besides me notice that the healthier the food choice, the more it costs?
The fruit and vegetables are incredibly fresh as well as their meat section.
The lunch counter in the back is delicious!!!!!
It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as jordanian baklava.
So many delicious sounding things on the menu made picking one thing difficult.
The food was amazing.
The only drawback is the wait time from placing order to the arrival of the food.
However, for the quality of food i received i will go back over and over.
When the person in the kitchen has a passion for food and enjoys cooking quality food it shows.
Recently bought some vegetable soup base, and i highly recommend it.
I often drive to this food lion for there produce department.
The quality of the food is great too.
They also have a ton of gluten free, vegan, vegetarian products, from food all the way to health and beauty!
There is a great selection of deli items and a salad bar with other food choices.
Excellent middle eastern food to eat in or take out.
Not a huge assortment of frozen foods, but that's kind of a good thing, right?
Every meal i've had was delicious!
It's awesome not having to drive all the way to seafood city for just a few things.
Rainbow's end is both a health food store and cafe.
The store has lots of supplements, bulk tea and spices, and lots of veg'n/raw food products.
The food in this place was fantastic.
I was cautious after reading some google reviews but the food was home cooked and yummy.
They have everything from seafood, to vegetables, and other food items... come check out the place.
Other than that, the vietnamese restaurants are really nice, with friendly service and good food!
I know - how a true foodie should shop.
Longo's has the best selection of fruits and vegs for a regular grocery store.
If you want better produce - go to st. lawrence market or whole foods.
If you need to buy shit-tickets, milk and fruit - this is your place.
A couple of month's ago i ordered a huge fruit tray for a bridal shower.
I was surprised and thrilled by the offer, but i was good to carry the fruit solo.
They have been coming out with a lot of new vegan snacks and foods.
Expect to pay slightly higher here for farm fresh food but they are open year round.
I went to the deli section and the girl working that day was so friendly and sweet!!
The deli case had beautiful selections of meats and cheeses.
I saw an assortment of sardines in tins that looked delicious too.
When remodeling was done, the contents of the isles were shifted around.
It is good place for indian grocery and fresh vegetables.
Really this store is really great for your needs food, hair care products, auto parts, clothes, crafts, electronics, and more!
Food is quick and tasty and then you add your own toppings.
They have done a lot of remodeling.
Though the food wasn't stellar, i think swiss farms is great for afterthought groceries.
They are so good to me at the seafood counter, too!
I love the 'exotic' fruits and veg.
There is always something yummy to get in the deli and the customer service is polite here too
Community natural foods recently opened a new health food store in crowfoot.
Fresh, bright-colored vegetables abound in picture-perfect (not done justice by the washed-out look of my interior photos) displays.
Ahead i see the sign at the deli counter advertising the $2.99 sandwich.
It was a big, delicious, and truly "hearty" sandwich, and $2.99.
And it was delicious.
This is the place for the best italian deli selections, bakery items, and pizzas in the phoenix area.
This supermarket has what you need to cook asian food, there is also the best thai food in town here.
I used their delivery service when we had coupons for free delivery and that was terrific.
A huge cooked turkey, plenty of sides and delicious to boot!
They just started carrying a limited variety of seafood right next to the meat section as well.
Otherwise, most of the stuff (bakery, seafood bar) seems to be shipped in and not prepared fresh there.
Their prepared foods may cost a little more but your tummy will appreciate it.
It has a hot foods section with roasted meats, soups, dim sum and much more.
The food is superb..as it should be (ahem..$$$).
Everytime i check out at capitol centre foods, i am pleasantly suprised.
They have a great deli, with great sandwiches and a large salad bar.
Has all the basic things a grocery store should have plus there's an international aisle offering middle eastern foods/spices/drinks...
Great selection of all kind of asian foods.
We were looking for somewhere to eat so we stopped in to get snacks and found they served deli sandwhiches.
Their produce is very fresh, baked goods are wonderful and a nice selection of prepared foods.
Not as fancy as a whole foods, so no grade a deli and no exceptional prepared foods section.
This isn't whole foods or bristol farms so get over yourselves.
Best ever shopping experience at any whole food location, far better than my local west hartford store!
So friendly and knowledgeable, she makes sure her food is top quality.
Like sarah k said in her review, "it's like a budget whole foods."
Their bulk food section particularly is impressive... and the prices are fabulous!
The hubster got in line for gas, and i joined the throngs inside to get food.
The food was so good.
If you like island fruits and veggies these guys will more than likely have it.
I talked with the a fore-mentioned "grumpy guy" and explained that i knew nothing about indian food.
The ladies in the kitchen were all very polite, and i really enjoyed the food.
Organic veggies & fruit.
Deli meats are sliced fresh in front of you.
Seafood frozen but many varieties.
All your asian food needs in vegas.
That bring said, generally good food, lots of grandmothers,  some angry people, and lots of very young children.
I do like the prepared foods area.
I love buying deli meats and different cheeses at the fresh deli counter.
I also appreciate the bulk foods so i can reduce packaging...
It's the only market in all downtown and it's all natural foods...so blessed im affiliated with this company!
For all my dairy free eaters they have every dairy free supplemented food you need.
There's really only two things i like about this place: the high quality of the food and the rock-bottom prices!
I'm most impressed with the quality of food.
The shell was perfectly crunchy and the cream was so light and delicious.
The rolls are amazing and the vegetables were fresh and ripe.
On top of the food, the ambiance is amazing.
Tip: they have a salad bar and deli, it's not that good but it sure beats bi-lo.
They have a play area for children and you can go pick fruit as well.
The chicken pieces are tender and delicious.
As a result, they end up bringing the food to us because everyone seems confused about the process as well.
Fresh flowers, fresh food, it's amazing.
The restaurant is inside the market and the food is excellent.
The food is excellent and made to order, nothing sitting under lamps.
Its friendly, cheap, fast and most importantly  delicious.
They have a great food selection as well as natural medications and many other natural items.
Whole foods is a go to spot for me :)
Finally stopped in to try something delish.
The taste- so delicious.
We stopped by for lunch and they had delicious and well priced tacos.
You order inside the store and then wait outside to get your food.
Most of all the food is outstanding and reasonably priced.
The best part is the prepared foods and the house made sushi.
They food was ok but nothing special.
I stopped in the store they have next store and picked out some delicious desserts to take home.
Fluffy, creamy, chocolatey, and delicious.
Great food at a great price.
I have taken visiting family here a couple of times, and they always rave about how good the food is.
The owner's customer service was consistently delightful.
They sell great indian food for a non-offensive price.
The deli sandwiches are a plus and due to the low traffic long lines do not exist here.
There is still the deli counter to contend with which has not gotten better.
Generally speaking, fortino's is pricier than no frills, food basics and superstore.
A premium hot food kiosk 4.
While our food was cooking i had to shop.
Like i said the food was to die for and the customer service was very wonderful.
The deli area is my second home.
I love the food, especially the chicken meal.
When i'm in vegas i know i can count on whole foods to have my cold pressed juice available.
I went home with three delicious bottles varying in price from as low as ten dollars to forty dollars.
As always whole foods breaks the bank.
Two of my pet peeves with restaurants are cold food and cheap flatware.
Very nice shop for finding african food.
Highly recommend for any africans looking for food and supplies
It's about time the dried figs returned to the fruit and vegetable section.
Whole foods or sprouts is much better.
I also greatly enjoy thier prepared foods and most certainly do not skimp in the herbs and spices department.
One doesn't have to search around for a perfect tomato or green pepper (or whatever other vegetable/fruit you're looking for).
From the fresh produce to the meats and seafood, this place just oozes asian cuisine.
Pro tip: get all your spices and random foodstuff in the winco bulk section first.
Do not buy overpriced mccormick spices any more, just go to winco's bulk food section.
One last note - their fried chicken deli is really good.
The food tastes pretty much like home cooked - fresh and tasty.
This middle eastern food market is a bit more expensive than a supermarket, but worth it.
I recently ordered food for a party from the deli...
The food was amazing and ready when i got there!
The fishes have bright eyes and the meat look delicious.
The high quality of the food and the employers are the two things you can immediately see and taste!
=)  the veggie combo is absolutely beyond delicius!
Ditto for fruits and fish.
I've had the green goddess pita sandwich each time because it is delicious.
The mix of vegetables is well balanced flavor and texture wise.
This place is a gem if you are looking for food items from eastern europe.
I also noticed that their selection was much greater than i previously remembered for all different types of food.
I have to give this place an all-star performance in service and food quality.
The selection of ready made foods is totally up my alley: mediterranean flavors and lots of veggies.
I could go on and on about their salad bar, seafood, etc.
They have a huge selection of specialty food items like oils and vinegars.
Also very good prepared foods if you are feeling lazy.
My clients actually request that i order food from here.
We've also taken many others with us to experience the food.
The best indian food i've had.
The price is great and the food is a street food style.
Baiz market is a "mediterranean" type restaurant, or "arabic" type food.
This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food.
If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out.
Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15.
The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
You can always find great fruit and vegetables and local goods.
This place used to be food for less before it became smart and final.
Now, they started a delivery this week.
My delivery is processing as i type this review.
First delivery is free plus $20 off on your next order if you buy $35 or more.
Their delivery service is through instacart.
I can pick up my boys and just wait for my delivery to arrive while i'm cleaning.
The prices they have on their advertisement is available online for delivery.
Unlike vons (which i've used several times), prices for delivery is higher.
With vons, you're lucky to get a delivery time for the next day.
My delivery window time was 5-6pm, i was notified when they were on their way (picture attached).
Non-red delicious apples, grapefruit, avocados, asparagus: all at a fraction of what i was paying up the street at albertsons.
Anyway,  they have awesome prepared meals, fresh soups, marinated meats and seafood.
Nice product offerings, definitely liked the deli section and pastry selection.
Lots of fresh produce as well as a decent selection of prepared foods at reasonable prices.
Customer service: 4.5/5 related to organization, splendid customer service from all departments from cashiers to parking attendants to food departments.
I love the food bar in the back of the store.
I'm a vegetarian and finding good, quality food that is quick and easy is hard to come by.
I can run in here, grab some salads, hot foods, a smoothie, and be on my way.
Check out the food bar on wednesday's though, as it is $1.00 cheaper per pound than on any other day.
Ranging from hearty meals to delicious desserts.
So this is what whole foods, trader's joe, and strouts use to look like in the olden days.
I was expecting bland, tasteless food but i was pleasantly surprised.
Fruit & yogurt bar.
Thanks for making healthy eating possible and so delicious!!!
My food, including my ice cream, was still frozen hard after my 20-minute drive back home.
Wasabi mayonnaise, yellow nectarines... all such healthy and delicious food options!
Trader joes trades in the bad food, and lets you live and eat a healthier lifestyle!
The smell, the awesome customer service.... everything i have ever bought at niccoli's is beyond delicious!
The deli meats, the sausages, sandwiches, etc... macaroon's are to die for!
They were all delicious, carnitas had so much flavor though.
I'm a sucker for sweets and their desserts are delicious!!
Such delicious and wholesome ingredients.
The food was outstanding, and very filling.
All the ingredients were fresh and delicious.
I tried a smoothie of theirs in the past and again - fresh and delicious although pricey.
If you like to cook korean food, this is the place to go and get the ingredients.
They also have prepared food as kimchi, fried fish cake, fried tofu.
I would recommend this place over the other "asian" stores in the valley that carry indian foods at exorbitant rates.
Always come here to get all of my food.
The people, the food, the drinks and just the entire vibe of this place is amazing!
Great food, great interior and friendly people!
We also always order a vegetable, sometimes a small soup (cream of jalapeño is quite fantastic) and coffee.
We eat in at the indoor patio so that we can enjoy our food while it is hot.
This review is to give kudos to the deli staff and deli chef here at this location.
Best (authentic) indian food in phoenix.
They have plenty of pick your own fruits from the beginning of summer to falls.
Homemade fruit pies of all kinds to canned goods and fresh fruits and veggies.
The store is in a really great spot, right across from winco foods and various restaurants.
Sooooo delighted to have finally discovered this wonderful italian gem!
My sausage was delicious and peppy was welcoming and gracious...i was treated like an old friend!
Their selection includes foods from the middle-east, europe, africa, and asia.
My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic.
You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven.
They also have a "healthier" selection of processed foods.
Meats are delicious and cost a bit more.
Fruits and vegetables are flavorful... and are actually cheaper than competitors when we've compared.
Selection of nuts, fruits, and grains is perfect for our needs.
Extracts, teas, vitamins, books, raw foods, desserts, clothes, toiletries, energy bars.
They have a nice selection of prepared foods.
Soups are incredible, and the deli is probably one of the best in the area.
They've got a great selection of bread, an awesome deli, super quality and great prices.
Deli area with good food too.
This has to be one of the smallest whole foods that i've been to.
I just recently discovered the food bars at whole foods on my quest to clean eating.
At this whole foods, i was unaware that they even served food because the selection is obviously smaller.
Because whole foods tends to be on the pricier side, i do the rest of the grocery shopping elsewhere.
But i won't discredit whole foods.
Ps:  like all other whole foods in the valley, some of the best employees.
Everything we bought from the fresh foods were just like home-made and very fresh.
It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out.
A great store if you need korean/japanese grocery, nice pricing, great selection, decent prepared food, love it!
Great to see delis like this still are around!
Their food is yummy and fast service!
This store might be small, but it has charm and wonderful food... the people are nice and friendly
I made a delicious beef stir fry with porta bella mushrooms for dinner with my purchases.
I loved the narrow aisles and am a happy camper with my cupboards full of food.
The deli offers great lunch specials every weekday.
And, as always, more organic would make me shop the food section more.
All of the food is vegetarian.
This is the indian version of tapas with fried vegetarian food.
Honestly, i have no complaints about the food.
Freshness of the food is also questionable too.
For asian foods and fish this is probably the best place in the phoenix area now.
This market specializes in a plethora asian supplies and food.
There is fresh and frozen seafood.
Make sure to order from the deli; whether hot or cold, they'll serve it to you with class.
Return policy is great if you ever get food that spoiled too quickly, etc.
Compared to the warden location it has a noodle station and less prepared hot foods, less dim sum.
If your a foody and appreciate a 60 dollar salt, then check them out  you wont be disappointed.
Competitively priced cafe that is nutrient dense food for your mind and body.
What a great place for asian food.
I took several home along with two containers of kimchi, all were delicious and very evident that they are homemade.
The selection of frozen foods, and boxed health foods are ample.
The prices are reasonable for organic food.
The resturant is delicious.
We waited awhile to get our food but it was worth the wait!
Go there and expect to enjoy a delicious glass of wine while waiting to have a fabulous dinner!
Great breakfast at the deli.
The fruit is extremely fresh (reason why i visited) and reasonably priced.
They have an extensive deli area- perfect for those like me that love making charcuterie boards!
They offer instacart- online shopping that can be delivered at your door.
I ordered a cake last year and it was delicious and not too sweet.
Love this little gem, it is a tiny italian grocer that has fantastic food.
It is very tiny and only has a few chairs so get your food to go.
It is kind of a less pretentious whole foods.
The superenter delivers on your everyday needs at fantastic pricing.
I am so happy i had time to spare because it helped me discover one of my favorite delis!
First the owner welcomed me and led me to a reasonably priced yet delicious bottle of olive oil.
Most foods at tjs are delicious and you will find yourself wanting to visit often as long as funds permit.
Typically i'll pick up groceries at whole foods, costco, or even the safeway that's close to us.
But for the super bowl, i wanted to get some smaller portioned appetizers and deli foods without sacrificing quality.
Turned back around to the deli and got some sliced salami..... wonderful pepper jack cheese.
There is a great selection of foods here.
Its a little bit pricey compared to foody so i would rather just go there for everything else.
However when it comes to ready to eat food, this is the place you want to go.
Five stars for their food section!
They lean towards vegan, gluten free and healthy foods yet very tasty and well prepared.
Food lion was always just okay for me.
This is the store of all las vegas whole foods if you want samples as they can be generous.
For some reason this place has almost no line, and has way better food, lower prices, and chiller atmosphere.
Of  potato lattes to determine the best one..    great selection for kosher foods nuff said.
They have a wide variety of fruity & spicy flavors (black, green & decaf).
I always ended up buying fruits there as they have good deals.
They make this dessert there so it's fresh and delicious.
Number 1 choice for healthy, fresh food and eco-conscious consumerism.
Fresh, tasty food anyime i want?
Debra in the deli dept provided me with excellent customer service.
The meat section has a ton of options and low prices and the frozen food section is amazing.
They also have a lot of hard to find fruits and veggies!
This whole foods is lovely.
It's always clean, the hot bar always smells delicious, and the staff are always helpful.
Plus, i love the values of the whole foods business, and i will continue to shop here with loyalty.
Fresh fruits and fish to satisfy all of my needs!
Love this market,has everything to offer in terms of international food and interests.
They have the best middle eastern food!
I'm not rich, but food matters more than a lot of bs things we choose to spend money on.
They have a great selection of local vegetables,(very important)!
Yes, this place is tiny compared to the other whole foods.
Their meat and seafood department is substantially smaller so i usually do not make my meat purchases here.
After perusing the deli section, i think that theirs is nicer than the charleston location even though it is smaller.
That being said, they have one of the better food bars at this location!
Such great food on the good or meals to make at home!
Terrific selection of meat, sausage, deli meats, and cheeses at good prices.
There's a small produce section, and a hot food takeout counter on fridays (sophie's).
Many times i have gotten vegetables and fruits that were moldy.
The market carries specialty food items, fresh produce, alcohol, and some home goods.
When i visit soergel orchards, i make sure to stop at soergel scoops for delicious gf ice cream!
The chinese food hot tables is great as well, it tastes just s good compared to regular chinese restaurants
Almost too cheap to be true fruits and veggies at this place.
It's like a much less corporate tj's or whole foods, and way cheaper.
It's always well stocked with groceries and fresh vegetables.
The produce section always has nice selection with organic vegetables at reasonable prices.
I am not a big consumer of the organic and vegan options of which whole foods has an abundance.
Next i look at the frozen food.
I then head towards the deli area where they have a hot, cold, and salad bar.
After i get my box of ready to eat and prepared food, i grab a couple cans of soda.
I used to think of places like whole foods as pretentious.
I'd rather shop here for fruits and veggies than at any of the local supermarkets.
There's tremendous variety, and many of the vegetables are around $1.49 per pound or less.
You'll probably want to browse and gawk at all of the different fruits, snacks, and produce available.
R-99 does asian food very well.
However, the food there is great.
Fruit and veggies are an excellent value and you get some farm fresh stuff.
This is a very nice grocery store with an excellent selection of food and other merchandise.
Fresh peta bread and delicious marinated meats and fresh spinach pies.
Had the groupon and both tens the food and dessert were amazing!
Right now, there are ridiculously confusing lines alongside the hot/cold prepared food and butcher/seafood sections.
But what about the produce/meat/bulk foods/bakery, etc.??
It's clean, friendly and most of the prepared foods that i've purchased have been pretty good.
Somewhat claustrophobic, small deli selection, and a bit costly for the average person such as myself.
They have delicious brisket and they are very generous with the side portions :)
Before trader joe's, if i had to order all of my paper products online to be delivered.
Excellent, fresh food, perfectly prepared, with quite generous portions, for a reasonable price.
It's under construction.. remodeling it but still much better selection than "neighborhood wal-mart" for healthier organic foods.
First, the store is brimming with thebes's possible food around- produce, meat, desserts, prepared foods for sure .
We were extremely delighted by the delicious food, the incredible customer service, warm atmosphere and top notch management.
Its delicious, scrumptious and addicting.
To the right is the deli counter that holds tons of meats and other goodies as well as their brats.
This is our go to for grilling out and its always delicious.
Very small place but food is good.. indian home food taste you can get here...
I've had good experiences with the bakery items and with the hot food section.
The food is delicious.
Delicious home cooking for a great price.
Be warned this is a much smaller whole foods then town square!
Now this is a cool little deli/catering store.
You can get specialty foods for baking and cooking, as well as different sausages, which are all made in-store.
This place used to be food for less before it became smart and final.
Now, they started a delivery this week.
My delivery is processing as i type this review.
First delivery is free plus $20 off on your next order if you buy $35 or more.
Their delivery service is through instacart.
I can pick up my boys and just wait for my delivery to arrive while i'm cleaning.
The prices they have on their advertisement is available online for delivery.
Unlike vons (which i've used several times), prices for delivery is higher.
With vons, you're lucky to get a deliver time for the next day.
My delivery window time was 5-6pm, i was notified when they were on their way (picture attached).
I love exploring different food markets, and this one didn't disappoint.
It has a great bakery, huge deli & prepared foods section that you shouldn't walk past if you're feeling hungry!
The fruit selection is fresh with a good selection.
Sunterra smells of delicious coffee beans and the atmosphere is like an italian market.
If you are looking for the strange named spice or asian vegetable, you will no doubt find it here.
The seafood area will clean the fish scales, innards and fry the fish for you if desired.
It has ready made hot meals, a wonderful desserts selection and as mentioned before super delicious iced green tea.
Prices much better than supermarkets with food mostly from mexico.
Usually just super awesome breakfast food but this time i decided to try some lunch food.
These are more like a small albertson's or vons, with wal mart prices and emphasizes food items.
This store is somewhat of a combination between trader joe's and whole foods.
The ready made meats in the produce section are deli-sh - especially the spicy chicken sausages.
The lotus deli restaurant inside the store has yummy indian snack food options.
Food is good and cheap !
Delicious bbq, big portions, inexpensive, self serve buffet style, so you can see all the dishes.
Tons of pre-cooked gourmet food for purchase?
Heinen's is bright, clean, and a tribute to food.
Charming upscale cafeteria-like cafe with speciality foods for purchase and wide variety of salads, sandwiches, pastries and drinks.
I visited toronto and the best food was from yammy market at major mackenzie dr.
Wonderful deli selections of cheeses and meats!
They have all that the other stores have- excellent meats and produce and a wonderful prepared food section.
We found ourselves looking for vegan food option like the vegan nazis that we have become.
The only thing i wish they had more of is non-foods.
It's a food lion.
One random thing i enjoy about this food lion is the fact that i've never experienced a slow bagger.
Good and consistent quality of vegetable.
Good seafood section with decent prices.
I have seen many indians, muslim and occasionally some older white couples buying vegetables, boxed grocery and fruits here.
I guess they think like me - we wash our raw vegetables before cooking them.
Their baked lamb plate is delicious.
You get two skewers of lamb over rice, a sampler of fresh vegetables, hummus, and pickles.
Great food, and good staff.
The transients bothering you outside was not as enjoyable but the food made up.
Hay rides will take you out to the field to the fruit of the season.
Mixes for soups and breads and cobblers and all sorts of delcious foods.
There is homemade baked good for sale as well as delicious fudge.
An assortment of thier farms fruits and veggies and amish meats, cheeses and butters.
On the way to cali, we had a craving for some asian deli food.
I never go to asian food retail expecting a maestro's customer service experience.
Then he brought back this delicious sample of sweet brown caraway rye bread and i was off like a shot!
A huge part of the frozen food section is just for perogies.
Just one thing they are short on: non-food items.
Me, when i want to buy groceries, it's a big selection of fresh food choices that is my priority.
You want fresh bakery and deli & preserves & spreads?
The food was very good as i had an assortment of meats with the ribs being my favorite.
I challenge any foodie to try these meatballs and not shed a little tear of love.
Some things i would hesitate to buy: fruits, veggies and meat...
I'm a true believer in supporting the local economy and buying seasonal foods.
We bought 8: freshly made, delicious, & mouthwatering.
Still has my heart but good place to pick up your favorite asian/indian foods.
Plus they have insanely cheap and delicious oreo knock-offs--what more could you want?
If your looking for organic fruit and vegetables, this is you're place!
They wrapped everything well and the food was still hot after a 20 minute commute home.
Have a food court with some good korean food.
I buy them regularly, as they are delicious.
This is a much needed japanese dollar store with everything from foodstuffs to stationary.
I usually order chicken kebab, naan, chicken tikka masala curry, vegetable biryani, and mogho.
A great butcher counter with in-store bakery and deli.
Precooked foods and sandwiches to take home.
Better than anything i could have picked within 15 miles for a quick, delicious sandwich.
I really appreciated the quality of the food within.
This is the first time i have ever seen them and they were delicious.
The prepared foods look good.
There's even a tim hortons inside, third party meat and seafood vendors for extra quality selection
There are no local fruit and veggie markets in the downtown core except this one.
It's a super convenient location with a nice selection of fruit for cheap.
Come here to look for fruit and veggies before going to the supermarkets (loblaws charges ridiculous amounts).
The natural and organic food options are very good and the produce prices are close to what you find elsewhere.
No where near as expensive as whole foods and certainly easier to navigate.
The meats, though delicious, is a little in the pricey side.
I like be the bulk food area - the blueberry flaxseed granola is my favorite!
The trail mixes in the bulk food area are tasty and the beer and wine is reasonably priced.
Their selection of deli meats is the best i have found in this area.
Don't overlook the deli, they have made to order sandwiches that are very good.
They have the best ice teas and deliciously quick breakfast!
I've compared various products with whole foods and others and they always have the best price.
Like the other one in tempe, the selection of wines, fruits and cheeses are wonderful.
Most restaurants get the good stuff delivered from pasquale's.
I ordered the meatball sub, the cheesesteak and a cannoli - absolutely delicious!
The salmon was the tastiest, most delicious, mouth watering filet i have ever had at this price point in toronto.
I'm from southern california so fresh seafood is abundant and cheap.
Services listed on their website:  - a selection of fresh and frozen seafood, arriving daily.
- cooked lobster and seafood platters - made to order.
It's certainly no whole foods but it can still hold it's own.
If you love good german food, go!
$3 sandwiches at the deli.
Even the organic food is abundant.
Nice folks running a store with hundreds of asian food products.
Indian food in phoenix for really low prices!
Just like whole foods, this is every ocd person's (including me) dream to be walking into.
Never had a problem with the staff or the food.
It has a wonderful deli which serves fresh and healthy sandwiches, salads, smoothies, and more.
It is also a small store with anything from dog food, to hair dye, to cookies to supplements..
Prices were comparable to other health food stores that i have frequented.
Best arabic foods and great environment .
Great food and inexpensive.
Had lunch saturday at the deli.
The food was delish and they have shopping bags of dog bones for $5!
I don't know these people, i just love food.
And, their food is delish!
My sunshine roll was delicious..
It is a lebanese grocery store with a small cafe, deli, and bakery.
And they seem to sell foods that are always fresh (something that all markets don't really keep up with).
Love the variety of foods they have in stock.
There are often good sales on things like bulk foods, frozen foods and vitamins, and that's when i stock up.
You can get a deli sandwich here for $2.99!
The people are laid back and friendly and they always have samples of coffee and food.
Other times, it appears that the veggies and fruits are old and not even a good deal.
Totally quality food for only 5-6$ a person!
Instead, this is a supplement that runs deep on cheeses, sauces, olive oils, balsamic vinegars, meets, seafood, and fresh vegetables.
In particular, i buy a lot of yogurt, cereal, and frozen foods.
The prices beat whole foods and also giant eagle.
I could have gone to walmart, food lion or harris teeter but decided instead to try swiss farms.
Either choice, dietary version or not, is delicious.
Everything at the bakery is delicious, if i could i would eat here everyday and get sick of it.
Delicious sammies,  salads, and omg .
The seafood counter is ok, not great but, that just speaks to the greater charlotte area.
Where oh where is the decent seafood other than clean catch on selwyn?
It's slightly sweet and entirely delicious.
They're like halls, but less artificial, less minty, and a whole lot more delicious.
It has a wide variety of asian food at a relatively nice price.
Really good experience fresh fruit, fresh fish etc everything was fresh.
Cheap and fast, the tacos are traditional street food with great flavor.
My son loves to go here and he is very picky about food.
All are delicious but the chorizo are my favorite.
Im not a fan of spicy food but that kabob wrap was not spicy yet so tasty!
Their stand for pickled vegetables and olives is great, would recommend it.
More of our food suppliers should really take note.
I was so full from this that i didn't want to think about food for a while.
Fruit, eggs, milk are three things i definitely will buy there.
I always buy my vegetables once in 2 weeks and they last for long time.
They always pick and provide good vegetables from their stock at best price.
My second favorite section was there food court area.
I'm disappointed that i only recently learned of fruit king's existence, but i'm happy to have found a herb supplier.
I will note in this costco's foodcourt that it also offers cappuccino and lattes.
We made the chorizo & corn soup and it was absolutely delish!
If you needed  they have a small pharmacy aisle grocery brand pet food, and baby care/household aisle.
Excellent breakfast and lunch food.
Hundreds of fresh seafood choices.
They have frozen food.
They have fresh fruit.
Authentic, delicious, great service.
The cafe/deli doubles as a grocery store and kitchen accessory store as well.
After letting me sample the blueberry-pomegranate (frozen yogurt), medjool date, madagascar vanilla, & honey-lavender ice creams (all delightful!
I hope to find more food truck events here... lunch was delicious, and so much fun!
The seafood as well as the deli, which is my favorite thing to purchase.
They have a variety of international food and products.
Fruit and vegies are fresh.
They have many things that any asian indian would want as far as food (i am south indian by background).
Come here for fresh vegetables and fruit.
Rows and rows of food stuff, biscuits.
There are also fresh seafood, poultry, meats and what ever you need for a home cooked meal.
Found this food lion to be clean and well stocked.
Great spot for some fruits and veggies on the go..
I love their selections of food in their deli area.
A great place to pick up some whole foods products when you don't feel like dealing with a large crowd.
The deli is pretty good, the produce is nice and it has lots of great bath and body products.
The produce section, deli,meat counter are all neat,clean and well organized.
I'm not a apple cider fan at all but, theirs is delicious!
I got a pastrami sandwich and my wife got a pastrami sandwich from the deli.
The meat was freshly sliced and delicious!
$3.99 for a sandwich that good i would drive there just for the deli!
The garden center also has a nice variety of fruit trees and flowers etc for your garden.
Some of the freshest fruit i've ever seen, to a massive meat counter/deli/cheese bar(?)
The best kimchi place since ive been here in america..they have food the korean food that i really like.
It has a decent selection of fresh and canned foods.
My go to place for all my korean food cravings.
The staff here was very helpful and mentioned that also have special events here sometimes where they have food available.
They have ton of ethnic food, everything is fresh.
Cheap veggies, plenty of low gi food choices, plus a bunch of fresh baked asian breads and desserts... yum!
Samosa chaat is sister food of samosa where they have different lentils and flavors to eat the samosa with.
Looks good and is equally delicious.
Otherwise a good place for food.
The price is the most reasonable u could find for indian food.
Overall a must try place if u want to eat good north indian street food.
Delicious, good service, cafeteria type service, lunch special was great.
Yummy market a very interesting european food experience.
I will be back to try other veggie delights!
After the hayride we found ourselves pretty hungry and got in the long line for some overpriced mediocre food.
My only real complaint is i felt it was overpriced to get in, and of course the food.
Their premade dishes are delicious delicious we go there specifically for the chicken curry salad sometimes (yes its that good!)
There are a couple small fruiteries and grocery stores in this area but this is by far the best.
The veggies and fruit are always in great shape, no hidden half rotten ones in the packages.
The tiny shop is stacked with all kinds of treasures, delicious pesto, oils, teas, chocolates, pastas.
Great.. if u missed to ge tany food item from india, u can come here ;) get everything
The prepared foods offered here are wonderful and different.
You will find boars head meats at the deli, the bakery is sure to please.
A brand new target store with fresh food!
(currently there is not a supertarget in nevada) the selection is right and the food prices are very competitive.
Our go to place for specialty food items.
My food recommendations the chicken shawarma, grape leaves, & baklava; yummy.
Whole foods or sprouts is much better.
Like other longo's locations it has a good but not great selection of organic food.
:)  the cheese and deli sections alone could put a hurtin' on my credit card.
Add on the bakery section and the confectionery.... then move on to the seafood and meats!
I have never gotten any of their prepared foods, although i understand they're excellent.
However their quality, or ability to offer hard to find foods is out of this world!
I've lost 25 pounds now thank you for making healthy food taste good!!
I didn't take a good look at all of their fruits and veggies, but from a distance, they looked delicious.
They carry a delightful dark chocolate and peanut butter mixture that is similar to nutella and very delicious.
It's nice having this lower key location of whole foods right around the corner from where i live.
Bottom dollar is a welcome discount food store to the city of pittsburgh.
There is no deli, bakery or bank.
I really like picking up unique food items at great prices!
Everything has been delicious!
The lineups at the cash move pretty quick and they deliver, which is a bonus
Great deli selection, check out the feta cheese!
Always fresh fruits and veggies!
The kitchen deli has fresh homemade salads and soups, plus tasty cakes.
Very large variety of dry fruits and nuts, tons of different sunflower/pumpkin seeds.
Dont go by the looks of the place, the food is one of the best around here.
They have been very consistent with the quality of the food which is rare for indian restaurants in the valley.
Went here for the first time on tuesday and it was delicious!
I got the cheesesteak omelette which was very stuffed, and came with delicious potatoes all for a low price!
The store also has a great little cafe in the back by the prepared foods.
The menu is limited, but they serve many of the good old korean comfort foods.
All-in-all, this is a great little store and the a great little cafe for a quick and delicious korean meal.
Who knew the safeway deli was this good?
We sat immediately at this place, friendly service, good food.
Give them a try large selection of food i think it better qualty then a walmart
The bakery had items that always looked delicious and i never got to try them.
My kids bragged about the little daycare and the older lady who watched my kids was an absolute delight.
You walk in and are greeted by a vast selection of ready made sushi and other prepared foods.
The market is basically a local market of whole foods, only better.
Not to mention they've got starbucks, sushi station, pizza and food station.
Moving onto the deli counter to place my order i was greeted by a gentleman who couldn't have been friendlier.
And we also enjoyed food on-site.
They have a country store, as well as food booths and tents.
We then hit up the food booth.
Their fruit is much better as well and the the kicker...wait for it....freshly roasted hatch green chilies!
I have asked people questions, ranging from the healthcare aisle to the deli and have never received bad advice.
I gotta admit, the hot food bar can use a little attention.
The food is good, however sometimes the vegetable offerings get dry looking and unappetizing)
I love love love the deli and the pastrami sandwich on sourdough bread!
Normally come here to get stuff to cook thai food, vietnamese or other tasty asian cuisines.
This is the real deal bomb azz authentic mexican food.
The best place to get quality asian food in gta area.
Everything is delicious and priced right.
I love the selection of bulk food.
Deli/butcher area is always insightful.
They don't all the vegetables that i need or the cheeses, or even the fruits.
Even the seafood department is good.....i have gotten some excellent clams here for an even better price then anywhere else!
I saw that other food lion stores in rock hill do carry it.
There is a lot of variety of indian food items.
The food available is also excellent.
It was really nice in there and the food was very fresh and nice looking of course.
Sorry loblaws, whole foods, sobeys, metro, sweet potato, i've found my new fav place to shop!
They have the best bakery goods, everything is fresh and delicious.
There is a large selection of organic produce, artisan cheeses and a whole section of vegan foods.
When you are shopping for healthy foods, they supply the variety.
Brought back memories of italian delis in chicago from 40 years ago!
Just open the snack bar up for us foodies.
I am not a fan of the deli here though- you wait forever for mediocre service.
A place where there is asian food sold near by!
This place is great because it has a lot of basics for your kitchen including japanese food as well.
Large assortment of fresh produce, prepackaged foods, and meats.
As others have noted, segals carries lots of vegetables and prices are pretty good.
Deli / pre-made items are good 4.
Standard buffet selection for hot food bar and salad bar 5.
Good 'ol fashioned polish food.
The bulk food is extremely fresh.
The bakery has the most delicious cakes and my daughter gets a free cookie whenever she asks.
The deli has great sales, yummy chicken wings, and also a whole rotisserie chicken for $5.
I had a bad experience with mine, when it came to ordering food.
Great authentic indian food.
Great place to buy fruits and vegetables!
This is your typical plateau fruiterie.
They also had interesting vegetables:  fresh baby green jackfruit, the size of a small cantaloupe.
There's gas, food, furniture, school supplies... the list goes on and on.
Probably one of the best places in the west to get authentic german meats and foods.
Everything is delicious and beautifully presented.
The incredible array of fresh ready-made foods makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
There are food courts inside of the plaza and some specialty stores.
Delicious sushi - huge pieces and no so traditional but really good with lots of fish and less filler.
They offer a variety of organic foods and in fall they have pumpkin everything!
I over ordered because you never want to run out of food.... in the end it was gone!
The food was a major hit!
Smell aside, this supermarket is a gem for anyone familiar enough with asian foods, spices and other wares.
However, i am picky with fresh vegetable and fruit.
Their deli is great.
Re is a smallish health food and product (mostly product) store on sahara, just east of the strip.
Also, a good grocery selection with a decent amount of organic food choices.
It fits between trader joe's (with not enough products and sometimes obscure variety) and whole foods (whole paycheck).
They carry a variety of regular and organic fruits and vegetables.
Their deli and bakery departments are wonderful, too.
A deal on groupon brought us in, and the food will bring is back!
The pulled pork was delicious and flavorful.
Oh yea the bakery/deli crew is pretty to too.
Loved this international foods grocery store.
Prices are very reasonable, and cooked foods look really fresh.
Had the italian sandwich, which was delicious.
The bread was delicious, and generous amounts of meats.
I am a regular customer here mainly for some asian snacks and the seafood.
Sometimes for the beef stomach :p i highly recommend their seafood department.
The fruit and vegetables can be boomers sometimes.
Their fruit and produce were fresh too.
The app was very easy to shop through, picking my delivery time was easy, and checkout was a breeze.
I picked the delivery window of 1p- 3p and he was at my door at around 1:45p.
The delivery guy was friendly and even helped bring the packages into the kitchen.
They have a good selection for the size and even have organic foods.
The prepared food is very good.
I grew up an austrian food and love laberkase which is hard to find.
Also have a ton of sausages and german food items.
You cannot beat this place amazingly delicious middle eastern grub!!!
This is a good market to find food items from all across asia really.
Prices are very reasonable and lower than many other asian food markets.
This health foods store is small, but easily maneuverable through, and i doubt it ever gets crowded.
Serving food with organic ingredients, most items are already vegan, and if not, can be made so.
The cafe also features a few raw foods and specials, along with the requisite smoothie and juice menu.
Once your food arrives, it's well worth the wait.
Large frozen section and wide variety of choices of fresh vegetables at east coast prices.
They sell trail mix, nuts, dried fruits or candies in bulk so be wary.
5 stars for amazing customer service, excellent selection on food and produce and for being opened 24/7!
This is delicious, stick to your ribs, comfort food.
I have recently converted from food lion and i'll tell ya why.
The deli is fresh, the produce is fresh, and the store itself is much cleaner and well-kept.
More than two brands per item like the food lion).
Small community market that has a lot of delicious ethnic foods.
Great deli section with a lot of different salami and various deli meats.
One of the few places that sells amaranth (food of the g-ds for aztec warriors?
I come here every morning for their delicious black iced tea with orange slice.
It has a really good selection of fancy foods.
They also have a huge selection of delicious pastries - i definitely recommend the fruit tarts.
There's also a hot food table -- looks decent but i've never tried it.
For a hot food table, i prefer the one at olly fresco's in rbc plaza.
Whenever we want some fresh fruit and vegetables and at a decent price sprouts farmers market is where we go.
Vegetables and fruits are at their yummiest when they are fresh !
Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!
I was really impressed by the food court at the t & t. cheap and pretty tasty.
And the food is good!
Good selection of vegetables geared around korean/japanese cooking.
They have prepared food as well and their bindaetteok is awesome.
The prepared food case is amazing and changed frequently depending on what veggies are in season.
In side the grocery store, there is a little food corner.
But food is the best korean food i have ever had in america.
Awesome little place to taste the real korean food - cheap and good.
Third, the fruit and cheese selection is not bad at all.
The hotel is offering you delicious yummy food along with the fresh desserts, you might have never tasted before.
The foods and services might seem to be expensive but quality cannot be ignored.
I love the prepared hot foods.
Bakery items are delish!
I hear their subs are tasty, and the pizza smelled delish!
Being half japanese and raised on asian food, i am so happy i found this place.
It has excellent seafood  and produce, as well as groceries from all around asia.
It also carries some hispanic foods.
Great fresh seafood market inside!!!
Theres food available and an area to sit.
It's a foodie's paradise packed into a small, navigable shop.
You have your ready-to-eat/deli, your barista, your bakery,  your confectionery, your butcher, cheese etc.
Their roasted red pepper and onion dip is delicious too.
I love shopping their bulk foods section, you can always find those rare items for great prices.
Also they have real deli meats and cheeses, not boar's head.
If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.
They have the best food options, sometimes offering items you can't get anywhere else.
The prices are great... and they have a huge variety of fresh and organic fruits and veggies.
I came here with a polish friend who wanted to prepare surprise surprise polish food for the holiday dinner.
4 stars if you are looking for food items from that region.
More food to sample.
The barbecue baked beans absolutely delicious.
I also spend a lot of time in the bulk foods section.
I basically only pick up vegetables, apples, bananas, chips, chicken wings, and donuts.
The selections are amazing,fruit and vegetables you never find at other shops.
Their prices are very competitive but, we shop here for their fruits and vegetables.
For some of you that prefer organic foods they have that also.
This is a great little deli with all of the staple foods of a traditional deli.
Their deli has great italian cold cuts and cheeses.
The artisan breads are also delicious.
I recently picked up some miniature sweet peppers from the deli section.
), and then tons of nice prepared foods that make mealtime planning easy.
And cheap organic food!
It is a little mom and pop deli full of fresh meat and ingredients!
Plastic tables with table clothes....but who goes to a deli for ambiance anyway?
It's a big health food store.
The theme behind whole foods is highly appealing to me.
Whole foods is without a doubt one of my favorite places to visit.
By contrast, whole foods on raintree is far smaller; thus, offering a smaller selection to choose from.
As a result, i find myself visiting this whole foods when i need something quick to pick up.
I'm always looking for vegan friendly places to shop and buy new foods.
With the food, bakery, and wine selection this store is a true gem.
First, let's discuss the meats and seafood.
I love their selection of fresh fruits and veggies!
Go for the neoguri spicy seafood ramen!)
Wanna save money and still get great food?
You are here to get asian food, which is why you're in an asian supermarket.
I go here for all my shopping for home and food!
Thank you whole foods!
Their cookies and pastries are delicious too.
Great selection of everything from cheese, pasta, deli meats and pastries.
Given, some of the food might be old, you usually find that in the 50% off section.
Her sweet and giving disposition makes shopping here a delight.
They have a small deli selection, and sell rotisserie chicken, potato salad lunch meats & cheeses.
A deli inside of a grocery store.
The food is great and customer service is really good too.
Whenever i am in mississauga i always make sure i visit and get some great food for myself and family.
This store is clean, has a good selection of alcohol, vegetables and desserts.
I grew up an austrian food and love laberkase which is hard to find.
Also have a ton of sausages and german food items.
The ready made food section has an impressive selection of rotisserie chicken, roast beef, sandwiches, etc.
I wandered over to the bakery and deli omg.
It has almost every european food!
The prices are fair and all the food is delicious!i recommend this market to anyone who loves to eat!
I love their fruits and veggies, although sparse they do offer a good price.
They also have a great deli and bakery!
They sell ranchers reserve meats and let me tell you, they are sooooo delicious!
Also delicious coffee which on this trip i got to sample.
Better food, quieter, better layout than rudy's!
Lori in the deli around dinnertime is an amazing sandwich artist!
It was delicious, filling and satisfying, descriptors often difficult to apply to a veggie sandwich.
I highly, highly recommend the deli at this location!
Love all the grains, beans, and dried fruit you can buy in bulk!
Their meat and seafood section is really nice but sadly nothing jumped out at me today.
The deli is always fantastic.
The food is fresh and well priced for what you get.
They carry a large variety  of teas, cookies, dried fruit, olives, spices, rice, olive oils and more.
Seriously this is no joke how delicious it is.
Their kefta ,iraqi kabob and shawarma are also very well done and delish.
I would only recommend coming to this location for hot food.-cheers!
They only have a couple of organic fruit/veggie vendors.
The organic beef is priced better than whole foods and sprouts plus it's not shipped from uruguay like sprouts.
There's always a couple of food carts if you want to grab dinner.
Pat central market is a treasure trove of korean grocery delights.
The frozen section has a good variety of dumplings and other delights; lots of vegetarian options are available.
In the latter category are tons of thinly sliced meat, frozen fish and seafood, and massive vats of kimchi.
Definitely a good spot indian food and among my favourites.
Alhough it's not the most convenient location (imo), the food is well worth the trip.
The food is flavourful without being overly spicy or greasy.
Love the ethnic variety of food and choices.
As of oct 25, 2018 walmart will now have grocery home delivery!
If you stop in soon, you can pickup a $10 off your first delivery order.
I would often visit the deli for a salad that this store does not carry(deviled egg macaroni salad).
I got the whoop whoop, it was delicious.
Great seafood market selection... and an excellent selection of fresh exotic produce.
They have fresh fruit and veggies, fresh meat, deli meat and cheeses, nuts, desserts, etc.
The frozen vegetables are good, though.
And i just have to put a plug here for their hummus...it's my #1 snack food.
Thankfully aldi has 3 varieties of hummus--garlic, tahini, and roasted red pepper--and they are all gloriously delicious.
The food is inexpensive, it's a no-frills store, and check-out is a breeze.
Thank you, aldi, for selling cheap delicious groceries.
Loose/bulk items, deli and salad bar, so many choices...love this place!
I looked at some reviews here regarding questions about ethnic foods.
Frozen foods, meat and fish department, produce, everything you will need to cook any asian meal or otherwise.
A great supermarket and food court for a fabulous afternoon of shopping.
They always carried unique foods and fruit and veggie varieties that other grocery stores never had.
So i decided to start shopping at this foodlion.
Plus foodlion is a nc based store.
Smith's is a good food chain.
It's a smaller location than the normal whole foods, but you can get most of the staples here.
They have tons of ethnic/imported food, mainly middle eastern and asian, but also european.
Authentic russian food heaven to me.
Definitely worth a visit if you're craving some european food, or some delicious treats!
The food made up for what it lacked in appearance.
But now, i can safely say that the renovations and the food are cream of the crop.
This store is becoming my regular place to shop, not just for "health food".
Lots of health foods and organic products.
The only non-grocery store deli in bellevue.
They offer a salad bar and market corner deli at affordable prices.
I go to this sunterra market on nights when i want to cook but i don't want to prepare food.
Food is average, store area is great asset.
Food basics: not my first choice for groceries & the one near where i live is not so nice.
So when i stopped by the food basics at the east york town centre, i was pleasantly surprised.
It's food and it's basic, friendly and clean.
Fresh, hot and delicious.
We highly recommend this place for groceries as well as catered food.
As others have mentioned their prepared foods are also great, and meat selection is also good.
The mediterranean market has such a wonderful selection of great middle eastern and greek food.
Food selection and quality is much better than walmart's or save a lots.
It was so delicious she ate every last bite.
They have a nice selection of breakfast foods including a pb&j pancake and a pineapple upside down pancake.
This grocery store is like a miniature whole foods but more reasonable.
Their deli/bakery/ready-to-eat section is great.
This is a great little organic health food store/market in the middle of a residential neighborhood.
Mind you i had been to fry's marketplace, whole foods and trader joes trying to find the stuff!
The vegetables section is very fresh with a great variety of vegetation.
The aisles were filled with asian foods (mainly filipino items).
Both restaurants have fresh and hot food that all looks tasty.
But their whole grilled pompano fish was insanely fresh and delicious!!!!
The bakery, deli, and meat department are outstanding.
They also offer catering and the foods are very good and a huge variety is offered.
They sell boars head meat in the deli, which is great quality.
If visiting you must try the strawberry shortcake cake, it's out of this world delicious.
All of it was delicious.
I want to give a huuuuge thanks to stacey who works in the deli.
I think they are remodeling and expanding on the store.
As well as a small variety of deliciouseuropean ice cream.
Overall i will continue to come to this grocery store and enjoy the unorthodox foods they have here.
And that you have the opportunity to sit outside and enjoy some wine and food.
Sunflower market is way cheaper than whole foods and has a lot more than sprouts.
Seriously i can't stand the employees at whole foods or sprouts.
Friendliest staff and amazing food!
Good selection of fruits and vegetables at lower prices than most grocery chains.
(ps - a must try is their two brothers brand teriyaki sauce, it's delicious.)
In addition, the salad bar is perfect and always stocked fresh with delicious lettuces and veggies.
Takeout food starts at $5.99 for 2 dishes + rice/soup.
Great place to look at weird packaging, items, ethnic foods/snacks!
I want this  independent institition to thrive against the fast food franchise that infect this corporate city.
I urge everyone that wants healthy food and products to support rainbows end.
The honey crisp apples are delicious.
They have packaged soups, jars of jams, cakes, breads, baked goods, spices, butter, meats, fudge, candy, fruits, vegetables etc.
Everything looks home-made and delicious.
I like coming to whole foods for a simple snack.
They have cheap water and if your getting a little fruit fro snack it's great!
There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as i sadly found out after making my purchases.
Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats.
The mater paneer is comfort food and the bhatura texture perfect.
They have many different types of frozen meals and prepackaged foods.
When you first walk in, you are greeted by delicious looking pastries, muffins, breads, etc.
Then comes the deli/meat counter and the produced.
I love getting my fruit - especially berries - from here.
You might just find something new and delicious!
Great place to get good halal meat, fresh veggies, herbs and fruit... and spices from all over.
I am especially impressed with the variety of health foods they have at this longo's.
Had the chicken noodle soup, delish!
They carry only high quality foods, alcohol and well, everything.
The kids love feeding the goats, taking a hayride, picking fruit and playing in the farm yard.
Kinda reminded me of trader joe's and whole foods.
Prices are fair, and produce selection is varied and they even have a good selection of organic fruits and vegetables.
Their produce is fresh, and they have a nice deli counter.
The warm food is good and the little lady running the place is nice.
Recommend for anyone looking for korean food and groceries.
I wish that the menu did a better job explaining the food.
I have no idea what "authentic" indian food tastes like do i have nothing to compare.
The have a solid selection of food readily available.
Love the seafood and steaks are they best.
Everyone's entitled to their opinion but i'd hate to see can't stop smokin' get punished for rudy's terrible food.
Baiz market, i'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
The vegetables were fresh and most of the items are in stock.
The food is great and you can eat right there.
Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
I'm not talking about those weak fake and mild chiles from frys or food city either.
Their food court selections were limited, however, the prices were very lovely.
Good selection of food and produce.
And the hot food counters ... the food is very good, large variety, and at an affordable price.
It's a potpourri of tasty treats and delicious foods.
There is a large selection of veggies and fruit.
They do take phone orders as well, which you would have to pick up (they don't deliver).
I did not find fresh vegetables though.
This is the place to be for cheap asian veggies and fruit!!!
You are so much better than whole foods!
A great place for dips, bread, cheeses, organic dried goods and a big selection of fruits and veggies!
The hummus on the plate is really good, delicious actually.
Nice small grocery store on the danforth with a special emphasis on greek and other european imported foods.
The store layout is great, with a circular deli/butcher stand set up in the very middle.
This place is like whole foods, with a emphasis on local specialty items and some global foods.
Bakery items are delish!
Ate at the sam's club deli, if that is the correct term.
The lady in the deli who is always so loud and friendly, she makes me laugh every time im there!!!!
The portions were large and the food was good.
It is one of my three passions: philosophy, food, and make-up.
Vegetables a steal in some cases.
One stop shop for asian food and groceries.
Owned by chinese,  so lot of chinese ready to eat food as well.
Lot of diverse vegetables options to choose from as well.
They have great food specials and everything is fresh.
They have great prepared foods, with even some vegan options available.
The freshly prepared food selection is very good.
They have marinated beef bulgogi that is delicious when grilled or pan-seared, marinated pork, and various types of panchan.
I had always thought this palace was a random deli off of carnegie.
Rumi's isn't just a deli- it's a middle eastern grocery store!!
Surprisingly, they actually sell hot food too!
Coming from the east side of michigan (and land of amazing middle eastern food) i thought the food was ok.
I did however notice some of their canned foods are expired, so i recommend checking the expiration dates before purchase.
Friendly staff, always helpful and the food is never disappointing!
It was my first time at this place and i really loved the food, service and atmosphere.
I am very picky about bbq food and i ordered the chicken , which was very good...
Looking for authentic german sausages and deli meats?
Everything is fresh and tasty, just like the deli meats in germany.
I was told by one of the owners that there going to be soon severing precooked fresh foods.
So i requested perashkie, can't wait till there kitchen opens : ) love me some russian foods.
Their prices are so much more reasonable than the grocery store deli counters and their products are always very fresh.
It reminds me of a miniature version of whole foods with similar price points.
The sea food section have lots of fresh items..
The rice here is far, far superior to what's carried at sprouts and whole foods.
I tried the green goddess in a wrap, and it was delicious!
I liked this store for some inexpensive "organic" foods.
I was pretty impressed as i have not easily found organically grown food, much here in the las vegas area.
They also had a nice organic frozen veggies, and organic canned foods, if you're into that kind of healthy living.
Best authentic indian food ever.
Being in mesa there is no sales tax on food.
In addition, they always have fresh fruits already sliced and ready to eat!!
The fruit always looks fresh along with corn and others items when in season.
Food trucks galore outside!
Delivery is free and comes right to your door!
Plus, because most of it is local, the food lasts longer!
I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like i remember).
The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious!
It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food.
Lots of options for all foods fresh, frozen, boxed, etc.
There are lots of speciality foods.
The deli has a great assortment of pre-made dishes and deli meats.
Seafood and meat department are well maintained and are supplied with many daily deals!
Overall, a very good place for vegetarian indian food and groceries...
They have a great selection of fruits, vegetables, sauces, rice, fish, duck, rabbit, snacks, etc.
In comparison, i like millvale diner food better.
Every time i've been here i've made sure to tell them how great their food is.
I love having a market that sells good asian foods.
The market is clean, and has a lot of korean and japanese food items.
My absolute favorite is grill city, their chicken and pork skewers are delicious.
I made sure to take my husband to this location so he knows where he can get my food cravings.
It delivers the taste of a premium olive oil.
For those of us who are having to really watch our food budget, this place is the bomb!
For those foodies who love to cook with spices, you will certainly treasure this place
What i love about this store is the seafood department.
Everyone was really pleased with the portion size and the food.
Visit the fish section...pick your still swimming catch and have it filleted for dinner, or buy frozen or packaged delicacies.
Niccoli's deli is another great find!
In less than 2-3min i had 3 tacos that looked so delicious i couldn't wait to dig in.
If you are into vegetarian and vegan food then you will get this restaurant.
Food is always good.
You order at a counter and they bring out the food.
Not fast food but comes out in no longer than 20 minutes and maybe 10 sometimes.
The prepared food section is very good, especially the soups.
The deli and meat area is bomb!
Has a deli, drive-through window and pharmacist on site.
I try to stop by d&d during my charlotte business trips because the selection is super fresh and absolutely delicious.
I'd choose good food over the frills any day!
They carry bird food which i appreciate.
Great supermarket with food, household and cosmetic products from poland, croatia, germany, austria, hungary, france, ukrania, russia, and others.
Both were very fresh & delicious.
Finally a seafood city next to where i live.. now i don't have to travel all the way to maryland.
They have a good selection of produce and seafood and meats.
So my boyfriend and i decided to give a try as we were craving for authentic great italian food.
The husband and wife are such great people and love to talk about their food while making their customers welcome.
I can tell each time they are so happy to see us getting satisfied from their food.
The place to go for asian foods, noodles, rice.
Employees like chris, at the deli, make you want to shop their more.
More fruit for me!!!!!
The deli has a good selection of everything from deli meat, cheese, and hot items.
Seafood is in my blood.
They're remodeling the ralph's by my house but it'll never compare to this beauty!
I do however think their food prices are a bit higher and prefer to shop else where for that.
So maybe i had whole foods all wrong?
I mean how could this store possibly be better than the other area natural foods stores?
The store itself is very spacious and things are not crammed together like the other area natural foods stores.
There is a big produce section with an abundance of pre-packaged fruit and veggies (yum).
Rae who makes the sandwiches at the deli counter knows how to make the best sandwiches.
Thank you so much rae for your delicious making sandwiches :).
I had never heard of the place and was so amazed at how good the food was!
Everything was delicious and the catering staff was great.
This unique "discount food outlet" stocks a plethora of single-edition and close-to-expiry products.
While there is no shortage of frozen discount food, there is a surprising quantity of high end gourmet products.
They have the cheapest and healthiest prepackaged food around, microwavable and for the oven.
Great food, but they lose a star with their totally unreliable hours.
Great selection, good vegetables and fish.
Say what you will about whole foods but it is the creme de la creme of supermarkets.
Best deli, meat department food and gluten free aisle.
I was excited when this opened because it is a haul to get to whole foods.
Yes, there is a whole foods down the street, and no, i'm not taking my business away from fresh market.
I was surprised to see that whole foods couldn't provide me ground turkey and ground pork on a friday night.
I like to shop here and explore the foods of other countries.
A well-stocked trader joe's that carries fresh and tasty produce, ready-to-eat, boxed, dairy, and freezer foods.
After they closed dynasty, this is our go to place for chinese food.
Love shopping at  this store the vegetables and meat is the same price as the  regular market.
But they have a lot of healthy foods at this store
Great customer service, great organic vegs and fruits  prices are affordable.
Everything was delicious, even after spending 20 minutes in the car ride home.
Our first time here for carryout and it was delicious.
This place sells all kinds of seafood- fresh and frozen.
They also sell seafood related condiments.
But their hot foods carryout is super good.
The prices are great, and you'll find bizarre fruit and veges.
Ready-made food is great for dinner.
I can always count on great service and food here!
What i love is the deli.
I also like their ready-made foods, like sandwich wraps, to entertain.
The other sam's club features i really enjoy are the food court (seriously, $1.50 for a nathan's polish dog?!
They offer frozen, fresh, prepackaged foods, and have tanks of freshwater fish, and several bakery items.
Parcel delivered within one business day and with no issues.
Food is fresh also!
From the hospitality to the amazing food this ace is a gem.
Great place for shopping organic, vitamins, supplements, and nutritional beneficial foods.
And definitely try out the food court.
Food lion, should be called the friendliest place on earth.
Atmosphere: friendly & friendly, clean, layout different than what i am used to as i frequent lowe's foods, decent selection.
Lots of stuff like ice creams, vegetables, groceries, meats, wine, souvenirs, food court, etc are available.
First time i have ever seen a bar inside a whole foods, they had tv's too.
The store felt bigger to me than your run of the mill whole foods.
Lot's of seating in the front for patrons using the eat in foods.
Food and meat are always fresh and the selection is perfect.
Everyone who tasted the cake was absolutely delighted.
Great store, great quality food, fresh produce, reasonable prices, friendly staff.
Make sure to get a drink while you shop, they're delicious.
Center aisles has everything else- canned foods, cleaning products, boxed foods, baking goods, etc., including frozen foods department.
Great food, great people.
The food is so darn artful.
I am looking at getting yorgurt, bread for sandwich, milk and some kind of fruit.
Community natural foods ltd appeals to the community, a conscious community but a community that can afford its produce.
Community natural foods ltd, for the rich community that is!
We had delicious parathas for breakfast made fresh by the seasoned cooks (grammas) in the back!
Ive used the pharmacy, butcher,  deli, sushi, areas
Carries a lot of different foods!
The food was delicious and the service was excellent!
The healthy food items you can shop for fill the shelves.
Pricing is just a tiny bit higher for many of their products, but that's not uncommon for healthy foods.
It's like going to whole foods but actually being able to afford it lol.
They have the best deli in anthem by far!
Enjoy getting their fresh cut fruit as a nice snack for the day!
Every single person behind the deli is always very personable and have great suggestions.
Their produce section is really unique and cool and the best place to find herbs and cool fruits.
The best price on herbs, and hard to find international foods.
They were all delicious but my favorites were probably the chorizo and the carnitas.
But this place has food!!
Try to stock a mini "frig" in a nicer hotel with snack foods.....from the gift shop?
They have a bulk foods section also that rocks.
I try to stay away from the regular foods as they all seem to be over priced.
I like to get fresh fruits and vegetables here.
They also have a seafood bar with thai lobster salad with i really like.
The foods are fresh and good.
The most important thing  is that  there is only a little salt in all foods.
They're food is always good i love sunday fried chicken :) yum
Check it out, if you are a laotian missing home and want some good food!
The breakfast is so delicious!
Some good snack foods, and nice staff that don't seem to hate the world and all its inhabitants (metro).
Many many interesting cheeses and a good deli counter.
I think the gf selection rivals whole foods or the big carrot.
I can get a fresh fish from the seafood area, and have them fried for no extra cost.
I can find so many tropical fruits here.
They have lots of different premade italian food that your can purchase and take home with you.
Every premade food item like pasta, scrambled egg breakfast trays, salads have been wonderful.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the selection of food.
I can't wait to cook up all my food at home.
Fruit is great, although sometimes you cannot always get what you want.
I love the pastries, they are delicious!
Like in place of the food lion on eastway or the plaza/midwood ht?!
It delivers what you would expect from a target.
Throwing food out is a sin.
Canned goods, household items, bakery, frozen, fresh seafood and meats, a huge produce section.
I love the vegetables and the butcher.
I don't buy a ton of seafood to cook for myself.
Good quality food (that i couldn't easily make myself) for perfectly reasonable prices.
This is a great grocery store, especially if you are looking for more obscure ethnic foods and spices.
The selection of organic and gluten free food is improving... we need and want more of these types of food.
5 stars for having 2 different poké options in the seafood dept.
Even some of the supplements are significantly cheaper compared to whole foods for the same brands.
The place to go for exotic and ethnic food ingredients.
Definitely one of the better (if not the best) seafood markets around town.
The warm smell of food being prepared in the kitchen at the back.
And absolutely take home a rotisserie chicken - better than whole foods, and chain store, and costco's offerings.
If you enjoy ethnic foods at all, this is a must go.
Good food, good service
I love their beautiful produce, meat, fish, poultry, and deli.
On top of that they have amazing selections of fresh vegetables and fruits.....and fish!
It's also worth mentioning that i'm not typically crazy about tortellini, but theirs was delicious.
They have a deli counter that have a good selection of food at a reasonable price.
Absolutely not, but your staple items--milk, bread, eggs--these are good items to buy at ruler foods.
But the food was great and the staff is very friendly.
Worth a visit if you appreciate typical italian food/cooking and live in the area.
I love the freshness of the fruits and greens!
They also have a huge selection of everything but most especially the fruits and greens!
This place made me feel like i was back in a chicago whole foods without the pretentiousness.
They also have a selection and local and folksy foods.
Chicken karb salad - incredibly delicious.
One of the most authentic thai food i had in years.
I love the option of quality fresh fruit as well!
Great gumbo's,fish fries and seafood.
Delicious, authentic, made with tons of love; family owned...
It was so delicious and completely finished by the end of the party.
The food is much above parr for what you might expect from a convenience store.
Having a place to sit and eat that food is a plus.
Love the deli, everything is so fresh.
Jeff, from the seafood department, specifically knows he is talking about.
Chris was also very helpful in seafood!
Apparently they now have the delicious kewpie mayo in stock there.
It is the best place that you can find asian foods in arizona.
It's one of the cheapest, best asian food i've eaten.
I say asian because there's a mixt between sechuan, cambodian, vietnamese, chinese food.
The produce is yummy and their frozen food choices are creative, easy and tasty.
I love browsing through all of the isles at all the different foods and buying new things.
This is the whole foods i've always wanted in cle.
I'm not here to explain every little thing about whole foods that you most likely already know.
You have a perfectly easy, delicious lunch or dinner with local, fresh, simple ingredients.
I volunteered doing deliveries for the food pantry for several years and kwik trip donates their leftover breads/bakery items/etc.
I always seem to get great deals on the foods that we enjoy (when we aren't going out to eat).
Both the tamarind and passion fruit were big hits.
Their produce section is really unique and cool and the best place to find herbs and cool fruits.
Each bite is a taste of delicacy.
Food was great and service was even greater.
The turkish and mexican food is awesome.
The meats are delicious.
Amazing, fresh and delicious tasting dishes served by friendly and knowledgeable waiters.
The tacos were very small and came in 3, but were piled high with fresh vegetables and shrimp.
They also have a very large selection of fruit drinks/smoothies.
As soon as i pulled into the parking lot i knew my dinner was going to be delicious.
Not only are the prices reasonable and the portions huge, the food is good.
It's located in the heart of shaker heights and the food is never disappointing.
The staff is friendly and the food is great.
Love love the laos food here.
The location is in a shady area, but the food is really delicious and authentic.
Definitely will come here for laos food from now on.
To lydia in the deli department for being so friendly and making us smile!
I love this place, good food and the shop is always entertaining!
This place is very authentic and has a good selection of thai and lao food.
Vast selection of products, good prices, large fruits & vegetables section, lots of different fish to choose from.
Everything we've ever had here has been delicious.
They also carry this fruit pudding/custard type stuff that is very delicious right by the register.
Worth the trip to get what you need to make thai, asain or chinese food right at home!
J pistone has great customer service and prepared foods.
They have some yummy cafe food, great desserts, and great prepared foods.
Their goat cheese mac is delicious, and their pastries and baked goods are beautiful and delicious as well.
It always has organic chicken at very affordable prices (better than whole foods).
We've also used them for catering special events at our home and they do an outstanding, professional and delicious job.
I also order quite a lot of their prepared foods to take home for dinner.
The food prices are astonishingly reasonable too.
The whole place stand out on organic food.
I love the ready food section.
Best thing is the deli!
The food selection of precooked items is nice.
I didn't even know the food here is the truth just had lunch there and dang it's good
Great health food section.
Amazing salad bar, huge section of deli, pastry, hot food entrees to go or dine in.
I would give the place 5 stars but the logistics of the food line is a bit wacky.
There's always a bottleneck at the end while waiting for your food and paying at the cashier.
Since they have such an abysmal selection of food and the staff are so miserable.
You want mexican foodstuffs?
Great prices for delicious food that is still perfectly edible for many days.
We decided to grab some food to go to eat at the hotel later.
I would definitely recommend to everyone a drive out here for the food and the hospitable service!
They didn't have jimmy dean frittatas and the deli counter didn't excite.
The fruits and vegetables were plentiful and the offerings in the frozen section were numerous.
Whole foods makes me feel whole and i have forever grateful for their bakery especially
Chinese, vietnamese, indian, and other asian foods were available in rows and rows, aisle after aisle after aisle.
Jack fruit, taro root, thai eggplant, weird stuff & bizarre stuff (pig uterus??!!).
The food is always hot and delicious.
Well all of the breakfast items are amazing (this is my favorite type of food).
The lunch and dinner items are delish too - a side of green beans with meatloaf are on point!
They have a good selection of organic items that are more reasonably priced then whole foods.
They have delicious in house lemonade and cookies.
A lot of fruit options, which i like.
You can order takeout food here, which is crazy cheap.
This compact version has it all..including the yummy hot and prepared food section.
They have food samples just like the other gallerias.
The service is quick, friendly and attentive from the hot food section, sample ladies and to the cashiers.
If you want excellent quality and cut of meat and korean hot foods, you need to make a visit.
Think mini whole foods, with more reasonable prices.
We stuck to fish and seafood, but they had plenty of other options.
Well, it's the wi-fi from the food court, but it works just as well right outside sunterra.
There is also a great selections of "canadian" groceries and even a whole aisle of healthy/organic food products.
Not much seafood selection but that is not their focus.
We all know whole foods is expensive, but we choose to come here.
Most likely the pleasant experience, the variety of healthy products, and the food is damn good.
The menu is limited but everything is delicious and fresh tasting.
The vegetables are of great quality as well.
It's so quick and easy but still delicious and high quality!
They have some really great fruit and vegetables as well.
I agree with another reviewer that a lot of the things are just junk food.
Perusing the aisles i saw many specialty items that looked and sounded deliciously enticing.
The bakery is delicious.
I always have to get the fresh meats and cold cuts from the deli here.
I am in here once per week buying organic fruit, seeds and nuts.
Great food selection, great place to grab a quick bite.
I've found the "food club" private label items to bet excellent, and a good value.
The best laos and thai food in town.
They have a lot of varietys of food.
The market is fairly large: they have produce, vegetables and meat in the back.
Shop at whole foods?
Great store they have a lot of great international foods.
During breaks, the group would wander over to community natural foods to enjoy the buffet.
If you put the hot food in with your salad (which you can!)
They serve food here.
The best place to get good seafood in madison.
They also have a good carry out menu with mostly fried seafood.
Nice selections of meat and seafood also.
Sprouts is my go to place for fresh fruits and vegies.
Most fruits and vegies appear to be fresh and are invitingly displayed.
There is a ridiculous selection of fruits and vegies and they all appears to be reasonably priced.
Fresh fruits and vegies and good prices!
I am on the frugal side and all the packaged food appears to be expensive to me.
I recommend sprouts to any yelper looking for a fresh fruits and vegies at reasonable pirices.
New here from arizona and loved whole foods in chandler arizona.
They had aisles specific for: asian, latin, indian foods.
I'm a foodie & my gf loves to cook so we're both so happy to have found lee lee.
Great food and great service.
Really really love their fruit/vegetable selection & prices.
Except that their packaged foods are kind of expensive, usually.
And their chocolate and desserts are such good quality and so delicious.
I bought ice cream here and it was delicious and refreshing!
Finding food while managing a food allergy is never easy.
One of our pak members recently said "pasta and provisions on park are very attentive to accommodating to food allergies.
We always enjoyed their produce, meats, cheeses, fish, and prepared foods.
I sincerely hope that this opportunity comes to fruition.
But for the items i simply cannot get at safeway or fry's, i'll continue getting them at food city.
Got all of the basic food items here, normally come pick up some fruits and milk.
Love the food court and the photo lab!
I don't know where you can get fresher seafood i the city!
The prices in the seafood are the best around, plus the variety is second to none.
Plus, they have everything you need not just seafood fresh meats and sushi, candy and cookies and pots and pans!
Always very delicious food.
A good t&t for seafood.
The bakery they have inside has delicious sponge roll cakes.
The fried skate wing here is probably the most delicious fried seafood experience i've ever had.
They're actually a chain, but they have the look and feel of a locally owned and operated food/veggie market.
I go to lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of japanese pop.
-10+ for credit card - vegetables are not always of good quality
Also has a deli and cheese section.
Ahwatukee's best place to go food shopping!
I find specialty items and many non-gmo foods that i can't find elsewhere.
The epitome of delicious, mostly healthy (watch out on those amazing biscuits and cookies), organic, food and drink.
But, i also enjoy the abundance of prepared food options as well.
I grew up on persian food.
The seafood selection is insane and i was incredibly tempted to purchase the slab of raw ahi tuna.
There is also fresh meat, fruits, vegetables and cheese.
I purchased fruit and it tasted as yummy as it looked in the package.
The food is authentic af and amazing!
If you like real italian food with a real italian atmosphere you will like la maison des pâtes fraîches.
This is a restaurant-grocery shop hybrid, the word deli would not do this place justice.
If you want to buy italian products, fresh pasta or home made italian food they;ve got it.
If you want to sit down and have a real fresh and extremely delicious italian cuisine they've got it.
On top of groceries, this giant eagle has quite the selection of prepared foods and beer.
The food is pretty decent, which i've liked everything i've gotten.
While the store is open 24 hours, the prepared foods closes in the evenings, around 7:30 or 8 pm.
You should not be getting mexican food anywhere else.
They always have a fresh selection of fresh fruits and veggies too!
Beautiful produce, nice looking meat and seafood, and lots and lots of imported dry goods.
Lots of older candies and southern based food items also.
Super fresh fruits and vegetables!!
We've also found that the food is great at the bar.
Wish there was a whole foods in downtown cle!
Also didn't mind me bringing in other food which is great!
I can leave there with a few bags of fruits and veggies (and coconut/date rolls..
They always have a rotating beer list and daily food specials.
All the food that we have ever tried has been pretty tasty.
The deli of grab-and-go was carefully and fully stocked.
I took home the bourbon steak and brussell sprouts ($11), it cooked up  in about 30 minutes and was delicious.
It never has been, but with this location i will stopping in frequently to stock up on fruits and veggies.
As for the remodeling, that occurred from side to side, front to back and naturally caused lots of confusion.
Very clean, and they have a deli.
Craft beers high end booze wine out the kazoo and food from their kitchen on the store side.
Today was my first whole foods experience.
Whole foods has my bussiness!
If you want the best of whole foods-type basics, at better prices and with friendlier service, go to sprouts.
I recommend buying seafood here.
Some of the supplements and health care products are expensive but still a better deal on average then whole foods.
And i don't know why i deliberated over the star allocation for so long too.
What kind of bulk food would you like?
Nuts, chocolates, dried fruit, flours, spices, sugars, biscotti, sweets and on and on and on.
The staff are pleasant despite the place being hectic at times and they are like bizarre bulk food geniuses (genii?).
Ok...it drives me nuts when i see reviews that say whole foods is too expensive!
Tons of good food to choose from.
A local market/deli, that stocks nothing by high quality locally sourced produce, and butchers all types of delicious meats.
Love stopping in here, their homemade pepperoni rolls and ham and cheese rolls are so delicious.
Good prices, good food!
Don't leave without checking out the fully-stocked deli and taking home a fresh made sub sandwich.
Great service and great food.
I always get the breakfast sampler and is so delicious.
I love their sonoma chicken salad, and i always purchase too much when i'm at whole foods!
I am excited for the whole foods to open in uptown charlotte soon!
The food is good, but it really is the friendly staff that gives this review 5 stars.
The fact that they provide real to eat meals is great, and most of the food they provide taste good.
Some days the food is off, but most days it's well made.
Such great people and food.
Simply delish , i also picked up some red cabbage and potatoes.
We will absolutely be back for their meals, but man they have fresh meats, baked goods, vegetables and fruits!
There is food you can get while you shop and eat.
The variety of made-to-order food has been expanding recently as well.
Food is like what your mom makes.
I picked up a salmon wrap as it was way more delicious than i had expected.
Even a solid health food section is available here.
A must visit for any seafood enthusiast.
Great selection of asian food and goods.
I got a couple salmon filets and some of the pastrami smoked salmon (delish!).
+ ice creams: mango, jackfruit, lichi.. all are wow!
We will be back and look forward to more great steaks and seafood.
No fruity vinaigrette at all.
Hot bar looked ok, $6.99/lb as well, and mostly chinese to-go food (not sure if they switch out daily).
I was surprised at how small the meat & seafood department are.
This one has my favorite milk brand, straus, that i've come to only find at whole foods.
Kid worked here while in college, so here's the real story:  all food including salad dressing is homemade.
Probably so good as it gets for homemade food on the go.
The food was amazing, the fresh juices were amazing, and the smoothies we're amazing!
And while i don't often buy precooked/prepared foods, there's lots of tv dinner selections.
Yes some of the things can can be pricier, but that is what you get with organic/raw food.
Some of the freshest seafood, poultry, pork, beef, etc.
They have everything from dried foods, frozen, fresh produce, sauces, spices, noodles, different rices, herbs, and everything in between.
The prices and quality of food is just as good or better than walmart.
I still give them 4 stars based on store layout and vegetable selection and freshness.
I was looking high and low for powdered egg whites, target, nope; walmart, nope; whole foods, nope!
Yes, this place is small but the portions are ample, the food is fresh/homemade and the prices were great.
A very awesome place for authentic laos and thai food.
Besides the food, customer service was nice, it was run by family so staff were extremely friendly and attentive.
100% authentic legit mexican food.
You can also get fresh fruit juices, 32oz for only $2.50.
The store is huge, the staff helpful, and the food is fresh.
They do have a healthy selection of prepared foods.
In the cooler at entrance there is a well stocked selection of prepared korean food.
I got some chap chae and it was delicious.
Not too sesame oil overpowering but delicious none the less!
As you walk to the back there is another cooler fridge of banchan and other curious delights.
Good stuff peeps especially if k-food is one of your weaknesses.
They were delicious by the way.
Downstairs is a butcher counter with some short rib, samgypesol-gui and other deliciously tasty yet somewhat unhealthy korean meats.
Bloor street market is right across the street and has a good variety of food!
They also have a cold food bar!
Such a great seafood, meat, and produce market.
Anyone who appreciates seafood and/or traditional butcher markets shouldn't miss an opportunity to check out wholey's!
I'm a die-hard seafood fan and being from the caribbean has a lot to do with it.
It's great to have wholey's in town to find fresh, quality seafood at decent prices.
We have been food shopping here for over 5 years, coming regularly once a month, if not more.
An impressive variety of fresh vegetables and fruits, many of them not available in the traditional supermarkets.
Fish and other sea food is also abundant and well priced.
I am not a fan of canned, bottled or preserved food, except if they are manufactured in a g7 country.
You will certainly be overwhelmed by the amount of different sort of canned food, or soja sauce.
I like that there aren't a million different brands of cat food.
Huge fresh vegetable, meat, and dairy selections as well as aisles and aisles of great canned, dried, and bottled ingredients.
They were my go to store as they had whole foods quality but not the price.
1- staff was extremely friendly and always smiling 2- service was fast 3- food was perfect.
An awesome store to find international foods.
The vegetables are very fresh.
Come in an see for yourself if you love multicultural foods.
This market district has an excellent selection of prepared foods, produce, international foods, and the regular aisles aren't bad either.
Because they focus on healthy, organic, natural foods and they manage to keep their prices low.
The nuts and dried fruits aisle is fantastic.
Trader joe's has a unique selection of delicious, gourmet-style, ready-made frozen meals like polenta provencale and gnocchi alla sorrentina.
Also, the deli department has decent weekly specials, as well.
So it's not whole foods or market district - get over it!
I'm liking whole foods better.
Sweetberry  is the #1 cleveland deli!!
The prepared foods are excellent.
I recently found out how great their deli turkey is while i was in st. george utah.
The fresh foods section has a sub shop, full salad bar and store made pizza pies.
I am also a huge whole foods market fan as well.
The food is good and the selection of organic and specialty items is nice.
Seafood options are pretty well-stocked.
The herbs and vegetables are the winner for me.
The employees are so friendly and the food is awesome!
The daily samples are fun, delicious and creative.
Inside its amazing for a small corner store all the grocery and non food items it has.
The store was a little run down but they're in the process of remodeling it.
Large selection of freshly roasted nuts and dried fruits.
We ordered a brasilieno, a cappuccino and a pastry filled with nutella that was crispy and delicious.
They have an awesome selection of readymade food to order from in all price ranges.
Their hone made sauces are delicious.
The fish, chicken, and shrimp are all delicious.
Very friendly staff and amazing food!
It is an actual supermarket of asian goods so try something new--i tried japanese yams, very sweet and delicious.
Also, they have lots of seafood, which we did not buy but looked very fresh.
So i hopped into my chariot and headed for this food city.
Each "single-serving" tres leches portion was actually huge, and oooooh-so-delicious!
In fact, i had a tj's chicken caesar wrap for lunch today and it was delicious!
The last thing i want is to have friends over for dinner and not have enough food or drink.
Looking for high-quality seafood?
It is owner run/operated and we had a lovely time chatting with the owner while she explained her delicious offerings.
These were absolutely delicious.
Love whole foods so much.
Ok if you are the kind of person that likes authentic thai or lao food, this is great.
They import a lot of food items i can't find anywhere else.
If you eat italian food like i do then this is the place for you.
Besides the great food the staff  is incredibly friendly and helpful which  keeps me coming back for more!
I tried the low carb bagels - they are much like full sized bagels - low carb and delicious!!!
It's an outstanding upscale supermarket with a wide variety of quality food.
They have a great fresh fruit and vegetable selection including unique things you just won't find in other stores.
This is a very international market with indian, filipino, japanese, korean, brazilian, and mexican food.
It seems to exist primarily as a prepared food take-out (lots of different meats, salads etc.
The prices are consistent with what i would expect for high-quality food.
This was my first time buying crabs from carloina seafood market.
Seafood section has a great selection and sometimes really good deal on whole lobster!!
The fruits and the price is what keeps me coming back here.
The food is delicious, plentiful, and insanely cheap.
I was disappointed to see that most of their seafood is frozen, but we're in pittsburgh here.
Be careful of the vegetables they do have.
Onto paolinis for a couple choice cuts of delicious pork loin.
Onto the ukrainian fine foods booth for awesome perogies.
It is a great place to find all types of asian food (chinese, vietnemese, korean, thai, indian etc!)
They do have a large seafood area.
The area around the seafood area could be a little cleaner.
Did not find the fruits and vegetables to be a real bargain.
Excited to keep trying different seafood options!
The food was perfect.
We got a lot of seafood!!
Thank you for the delicious meal!
This place is highly recommended if you want some yummy authentic thai food.
Sprout's deli sandwich lunch combo and snack boxes are also very reasonably priced, tasty and healthy.
Try walking out of wholefoods with a sandwich, bottle of water and bag of chips for $5+ tax.
Also, i got a fruit/nut trail mix, cheese, cracker and turkey snack plate for $2.50.
As far as the meat, poultry & seafood aspect of this place, their selection is pretty decent & reasonably priced.
The food is delicious.
One of the best healthy food store i go to.
I live their deli sandwich there.
There's not a lot of emphasis on seafood though.
From your basics like salmon to more exotic items, there is basically everything you may want for a seafood feast.
Deal with the smell guys, it is all the oriental food combined.
I pray safeway on 51st and baseline would change to a food city overnite
If you want the thinnest possible slice of cheese, you got to come to cheesemaster jeremy at the deli.
Shrimp is decently priced and i just recently purchased a crab and steamed him into seafood heaven.
Their deli is fantastic.
Delicious fried cod fish sandwich for $6.50.
Some of the other prepared food was just okay i think, such as the lobster roll and bisque.
And they have delicious carrot cake.
We also bought sliced amish butter cheese and garlic bologna from the deli counter.
It's more geared tirades chinese food and ingredients.
I didn't want to try their hot foods by the item since they look like chinese buffet food.
This obviously isn't what you'd expect from a world food market, but it's what keeps me coming back!
Right side, back wall, had the convenience foods.
The station is near the frozen foods aisle.
The breading is so good and never falls off the seafood.
I absolutely love the food here!
I absolutely loved prepared food.
Their seafood selection is wonderful, and everything looked fresh.
I like the fact i can order food and eat it inside, that is convenient.
I like the larger selection of foods you can not easily find in other stores.
(and clean)  bottom line is this location (not that others aren't) is a very clean, professional, and customer friendly market/deli.
Green-leaf vegetables & rice are much cheaper here.
You can find almost every common food/flavour selling in china, even freezed dumplings.
Check out the seafood & the veggies.
Interesting prepared foods for those on the go.
I get all of my seafood there beef is good too.
Having spud deliver food every weeks means that no matter what we always have fresh food.
Love their local seafood philosophy and happy they've added a beef, produce and cheese selection at this location.
To home-- the sandwich is delicious!
The wrapped up veggies / fruits on clearance sale are great values too.
In the meantime, i went over to the butcher counter for some seafood.
I think i just have ptf&vd (post traumatic fruits & vegetables disorder).
I tend to see fruits & veggies in the market and think, "mmmm...fresh beets!
Melanie at the deli us such an asset to this store.
Needless to say, i love whole foods and am happy they are finally close to my new digs in cleveland.
Brilliant street is charming and this store/deli is no different.
Fond du lac farms from casa grande delivers delicious raw milk to sprouts.
We would like to give our highest recommendations to mr. paul behan general manager of safeway foods.
Sometimes i get a pink sticker rush and pick up way too much food.
They have a great selection of grocery items, a deli and cheese counter, a salad bar, cakes and desserts.
Walked in and was greeted by a vast variety of amazing smells coming from the prepared food section.
These aren't your typical grocery store hot foods bar...
There was indian food, thai food, fresh seafood ... just to name a few.
My biggest highlight is the seafood section.
I've always been skeptical of buying seafood in cle, but whole foods guarantees freshness.
I'm planning on doing a low country boil this fall, and will be purchasing everything from the seafood section.
For $12 you get a monster plate of food... 1/2 chicken.
I visited this location today to pick up some lunch from the deli section.
This is like an amusement park for foodies.
The fruit and veggie department is fantastic.
I love shopping here for specialty items and great food!
The store has excellent prepared food as well as a pizzeria!
The ladies at d'licious dishes have great food, great cupcakes, and amazing service!
Cozy, comfort food, they have imported ham and cheese from italy, owner is friendly and nice.
I'm not a big fan of starbucks or chain fast food restaurants, i enjoyed this local cafe a lot.
I had pasta with vegetables, very home-cooking like and tasty.
I went in to look for some quinoa and to my delight, i found it!
This place is heaven for seafood lovers.
There's a restaurant upstairs so you can eat some of their delicious seafood.
I missed ya, your deli subs are awesome as usual.
Oh my goodness the deli.
They have amazing delicious subs that they make custom orders.
They have delicious fried chicken.
He was very pleasant and helped me out with my food platters and made sure i was taken care of.
The food was fantastic and some people at the party were pleasantly surprised!
Pricey if you are comparing it to food court food, but well worth every penny.
Friendly staff, fast service, and good food.
Wonderful live seafood, packaged, and seafood section!
There as so many specialty food items including if you have any dietary restrictions.
Their made to our to food is super good.
Which makes me sad, because it means i've been missing out on outstanding food for almost a year.
I won't go into more detail, because it will just be redundant about how great the food is.
Many aldi stores have cheap produce, but few have good looking fresh fruits and veggies.
A nice chinese food stand inside.
Seating is quite limited, but you're not far from the bankers food court or the devonian gardens!
There are aisles for each country of food type.
We were really pleased with this cracker barrels food and the items in the store for sale.
And of course, my favorite -- the lovingly labeled "holland foods" section.
I don't .know why it's there, but  i do know that pickled herring is fucking delicious.
I am very pleased with the quality of the food and the ease of warming it up.
Add tartar sauce and there was also some sort of a fruit sauce that we added - delish.
The vegetables are fresher than at mekong but mekong has better meat than lee lee.
The meat and vegetables are beautiful!
They have a variety of ethnic foods.
Being a crazy food collector, i need to save some baggage space for non-perishable souvenirs.
They have a deli that actually sells great-tasting stuff.
In fact, the woman in the seafood department was just cutting it up as i was walking up.
Ed in deli was very sweet and helpful in picking out some delicious meats and cheese.
The seafood center is one of the best take-out deals in madison.
Seriously, some of the most delicious vegan desserts i have ever had.
Use it as a marinade or put it in a dressing for the prepared foods part.
Actually, there's a whole(y) lot more than just fish here, but seafood is clearly their area of expertise.
After wandering husband and i knew we needed to sample some of the hot food.
[15 minutes of fame: "man v. food" (the wholey whaler)]
Fresh thyme, it's whole foods spliced with a farmer's market that was partially inbred with a discount shoping maket.
Their dairy is a little expensive to outrageously overpricd but its delicious.
They have the latest delicious foods.
After travelling to saigon and enjoying amazing vietnamese cuisine, i returned home and enjoyed a fast food cheeseburger.
Vietnamese food agrees with me.
I love the deli here.
I just moved to north carolina from san diego, california, and the the difference between the food is huge.
The food here was as goo as back home, which has been really hard to come by.
It is a little pricey, but i would rather pay the extra cash for food that isn't bland.
The variety of food and retail is amazing!
They have so many neat imports and a nice deli.
It's like going on an international tour where you sample foods from cuba.
From the outside this place just looks like a place to buy seafood to take home and make at home.
The veggies are abundant, a million kinds of mushrooms, bok choi and even conventional fruits and veggies very well priced.
These are so delicious.
They also have all the fresh seafood you could possibly want.
This store is a foodie find!
They have a sub station, grilling station, hot food station and a sushi station.
They gave you large portions and the food was delicious!
Marlen at the deli counter is awesome!
I didn't have time to shop around i only sat on the food side to eat.
The food is definitely authentic, they were very nice in there.
But other than that, amazing food with great taste!
Authentic laos food and i will definitely return!
The prices are great and the food here is fantastic!
Just by this area is there bakery, a fresh pizza section, and a meats/seafood section.
We ended up buying a lot of things from the foody mart because of the good prices.
I'll definitely come back again to pick up snacks or any interesting food next time we're here.
My opinion of the chain was changed based solely on their prepared foods section.
This a perfect hot spot for folks including myself that are always preparing/cooking foods for one or two!
Now i see a fair number of reviews for the f&e branded food.
The food here was delicious.
Sandwiches and the deli salads were great.
The staff was very friendly today, both at the deli and the cashier.
Was it the lack of meat and seafood?
A produce, meat and seafood section that goes beyond my wildest dreams.
You know how the back of a market usually covers liquor, meat, seafood and dairy?
It covers meat and seafood and that's it.
Good selection of frozen seafood as well.
Anyway, had picked up some smoke meat that was just delicious.
Their take out food is surprisingly good for the most part.
Their food options are pretty solid and i think their buns are actually better than super g's.
This place produces authentic sinhalese food (as opposed to most other sri lankan restos that servetamil food).
Brian is very helpful and friendly with my many many questions about ingredients (i have many food allergies).
The fruit and vegetable section is always fresh and they have some unique fruits such as soursop and cactus pears.
First time having ceviche, it's simply delicious.
You can ask for the chef to improvise and have a mixed sea food ceviche.
It's really a tiny place but has exactly what it should have-fresh seafood!
Kao piek was delicious!
Great selection, nice bakery and deli.
In la, the foodie conscious has pushed this to be a big deal chain and rightfully so.
Now their junkfood, though "better" for you, is still pretty fucking dangerous.
His weakness is the shortbread butter cookies with fruit jam and we never leave tj's without one for him.
I found the staff at whole foods to be nice, friendly and very helpful with me finding what i needed.
They have a deli counter too!
I especially like shopping in the produce section for a wide selection of fruits and vegetables.
Love the non gmo project foods.
Crispy and buttery on the bottom, white and soft in the middle, and swirled with delicious cheddar!
Butcher shop/seafood selection isn't impressive.
They also offer a salad bar, prepared foods, fresh squeezed juice in house, and many vegan/vegetarian items.
The staff are also very knowledgeable when it comes to pairing the many specialty wines and beers with food.
Try catch on and you will never go to the grocery store for seafood again.
I was visiting az and we needed some food and household items.
Affordable prices and decent quality foods.
Vegetables are fresher than most other places.
It's simply fun to discover food at fresh market.
I recently went to lee lee oriental supermarket to pick up some japanese food items.
They offer better quality foods and more organic options.
Another update: as long as they keep the rotted food out this is a great place to shop.
Their "mexi" cafeteria style supermarket deli spread looked fantastic, complete with chips and salsa bar.
It's 3 miles away from me and helps me with my asian food cravings.
Fourth, i love sprouts selections, but i've been heading to trader joes instead lately for most of my food items.
Food always fresh and piping hot - a must.
Good variety of foods and goods.
The quality seafood is so much cheaper than giant eagle.
In fact, it's so good, there is typically always a wait to order your food.
The prepared foods are pretty good too.
The 10th avenue site is good for their breads, supplements and other groceries, but the deli is a standout.
Some great vegetarian selections and food ready to eat.
Their service is timely and dependable, with many delivery options.
Great place, with a wide variety of organic and farm fresh food products.
Everything is so convenient and their pre made food is delicious!
Surprisingly, their frozen food has been pretty amazing as well; and i don't usually like frozen food.... ever.
Trader joe's sets the bar for their pre made food, hands down!
Basic breakfast foods, but, great biscuits & gravy and hashbrown casserole.
Seafood is absolutely top notch.
They always have fun new foods to try and lots of unique snacks.
My local greengrocers are a little better for fruit & vegetables, but loblaws does pretty well, and it's very convenient.
And took the leap into tasty new foods their parents had never heard about.
They still keep an eye out for food trends - i hear they have a new korean barbecue sauce!
More organic foods and choices.
I wish they would put all the organic foods together, it is frustrating hunting for organic products.
Both my husband and i formerly lived on the coast, and are very picky about our seafood.
Hole-in-the-wall place that will satisfy your lao food cravings!
Hubby isn't lao, but he loves lao food.
As others have mentioned & pictures show, this place is primarily a grocery store that happens to serve food.
But, if you are looking for lao comfort food in a no frills setting, this is for you.
Best place for authentic chinese food in charlotte.
I buy a lot of organic foods and will travel far (if i have to) to get fresh produce.
Believe it or not, i find myself competing and bumping elbows with them for the fresh organic foods.
Someone must have done a seminar at the senior center telling of how organic food can extend your life.
One of my fav grocery stores for produce and fresh seafood.
If you're tired of paying for overpriced, pesticide-laden, wax covered fruit, then leelee's is the place for you.
They will offer free mini cups of delicious flavors that have you saying ahhhh.
I even found octopus in the frozen seafood dept.
That's the most important thing you need to know about community natural foods these days.
You can't talk about greek food in western pa and not mention stamooli's.
Whole foods - great place for organic food lovers!
Place - nice and large for your organic food needs.
My go to food, hand pulled pork, seasoned kale, and wings.
A bit of fruits here and there, and i am a happy camper.
Great food but pricey.
The prepare food section is where the money is at.
I come here often to pick up some food from the prepared foods bar.
The prepared foods bar has everything from crabcakes to quinoa salad.
I can grab something fast that isn't fast food and be on my way.
Their food court is great because there are affordable foods available after shopping.
They do have a lot of good healthy food here.
Outstanding food, had several different varieties of ravioli and sauce.
Best mexican food in madison.
Madison may not be near the coast, but the seafood center offers some great fish.
But they do carry all the unique chinese vegetables and bok choy, chinese cabbage, etc.
There is a hot food/bakery section that serves tea eggs, barbecued meat over rice, bubble tea, and steamed buns.
However, none of the hot foods/baked goods seemed very fresh and was a bit pricey.
This is definitely as good as it gets for a one stop organic food stop in calgary.
Originally started as a food co-op in calgary, this organization stands up to its business ethics all around.
The food in the cafe is incredibly crafted and available for every meal.
Service was excellent and food came out fast.
I love asian food, drinks, desserts and candy.
There is plenty of fish and assorted animals, the duck is especially delicious.
It is part deli/prepared foods and part specialty grocer.
I always feel really good about the food that i eat here.
The things i love about fresh market are....hot rotisserie foods..not just chicken but chicken with different flavorings.
Fresh market also has cases of fresh meats, prepared food, baked goods, bulk items, coffees, candies, and standard grocery items.
After that you'll find all sorts of great foods in bulk at reasonable prices.
It has loads of organic foods and such a warm and welcoming feel.
Their pre-made deli foods are delicious.
Lots of other fabulous treats like the pumpkin macarons-found in the frozen food section.
They have all kinds of interesting asian food along with a great little place to eat.
Actually, everything i've had at trader joe's is just delicious and very good quality.
Food is pretty good so i can't complain.
I thought the prices were reasonable and the quality of the food seemed fine.
Their prepared food is quite good and is not unreasonably priced, particularly for the neighborhood.
They always seem very busy with something else, whether preparing or packaging food or serving customers at other counters.
Excellent selection of quality foods.
And whole foods helped me in a major way.
We have a weekend home in the area and primarily eat seafood.
Good take away food.
I felt like i was stealing food.
The deli counter is another plus...it looks small but sprout's carries boars head products.
Cozy and delicious food.
Walking through this market makes my head spin with delight.
I love going to pick up different new exotic fruits from here.
The seafood looked great, the fresh meat looked awesome and the veggies were fresh.
This grocery store is perfect for hard to find asian ingredients and foods.
This market sells a wide variety of fish and seafood.
Food lunch specials are really good.
Really impressed with whole foods.
I love the food bars, i love prairie bread.
Everything we ate was delicious.
Nice brother and sister working that day--took pride in the food they served and customer service.
The packed ready to make food boxes are a waste.
They have a good collection of organic products from food to dairy to soaps and shampoos.
A small & quaint diner with amazing food.
Also, the price for the amount of food we get is awesome too.
They have lots of seafood and fish options.
They also have a really decent meat and vegetable selection.
I will definitely bring my seafood loving dad here to get some food.
Gorgeous new bakery area, well stocked seafood and butcher sections as well.
Prices aren't as cheap as food basics or no frills, but they've got good produce and lots of selection.
Sometimes you just want to pay more for the leisure of not having to pick through all the fruits.
You get a good amount of food.
Their food is pretty good.
Excellent seafood section as well.
I am completely amazed at their wide range of seafood.
It was tasteless, but i highly recommend everyone to get their seafood from wholey.
Place for one of a kind and health food, staff is great...
I come to sprouts more for their ready made food rather than groceries.
The deli sandwiches are the freshest out there, and nothing can touch the quality for the price.
The quality is always great, i love the freshness of the sandwich, the deli folks are always helpful and patient.
Checkout was fast, i was in and out probably faster than most drive through fast food joints.
This store is very convenient and close by to my home with a large selection of toiletries and food.
They have he best seafood in town.
This is the best food lion around.
The deli has a great selection and a hardworking crew and the produce is always fresh.
I love the variety of organic foods and fresh options.
I come here to refill my office lunch inventory: deli meats, apples, hummus, assorted healthy snacks.
Check out the deli for custom sandwiches too.
T&t, tone tai, and foody mart all kind of demonstrate the wisdom behind this rule.
Foody mart clearly keeps overhead down by not spending large amounts of money on big money branding consultants.
It's a mart and it's, oh, foody.
I wish more western grocery stores used the roller baskets you find in foody mart and tone tai.
The discount stores like food basics with their narrower aisle should take extra heed.
Breakfast with taylor great food.
Love this market for it's prepared food.
Also the meat & seafood selections are great.
The deli has a lot more options than the other smith's by our house has.
Why ruin all this good food inside of me with fast food.
I am in ohio and needed a high end gift basket to be delivered next morning in scotsdale.
The greatest grocery, deli, bakery, meat, produce, and starbucks , and let us not forget the beer and wine bar!
This location was renovated in the last year and now it has fancy-schmancy hot food stations.
Walking through the food vendors, you can buy and taste a variety of products and dishes!
The foods aren't bad either!
Food is always delicious and service is super fast and always great.
The food is cheap and the staff is very very friendly.
Super fresh seafood in plaza midwood - yeah!
They've fulfilled my dream of coming home after work and stopping for super fresh local seafood for an incredible dinner.
I love the fresh seafood section, i can get fresh delicious ceviche within 5 minutes!
The overall layout, customer service and food i tasted and so far enjoyed this week are excellent.
Produce, breads, and food are fresh and abundant!
They supply fresh fish and vegetables too.
This is a home-style place without the overwhelming feel and crowd of a big market like seafood city.
Great produce and lots of exotic fruits.
You have your cold food, hot food and buffet.
Awesome, fresh, home-cooked food.
Cheese and deli don't measure up to d&d, imho.
Posicles) - frozen pastries, bread, seafood, meat, entrees (ex.
The food here looks fresh to eat.
Their small cupcakes are delicious.
Like the friendly guys at the seafood counter and deli also..
For amazingly fresh and delicious seafood this is the place to go in madison.
I have never gotten any of their prepared food so this review is specifically for the raw side of things.
I can't wait to go back and try more of their unique and delicious offerings.
Overall, smith's is my go to - budget friendly with healthy items, and diverse in food selection.
The fruits on top were also very fresh except for the peaches cuz they came from a can.
The one in warden has great hot food.
Lots of good food and a great selection of authentic jamaican dishes were present.
This was seriously some of the best jamaican food i've had.
It was unclear how to order food here when we first came in.
You order at the kitchen, they bring the food out to you, & you pay when you're done.
I like the fair quality of the food and what you get for the prices paid.
Reasonably price for fresh organic foods.
For two weeks of groceries (fresh produce, frozen fruits, vegetables) i believe i spent $60!
The frozen figs are absolutely amazing & delicious!
My only complaint is that they do not carry a great deal of seafood.
Lee lee's is a great one-stop shop for all your ethnic food needs.
Is it possible to actually look forward to a food shopping experience?
A sampling of their dry goods includes: sesame candy, bulk rice, rose water, horchata mix, turkish delight.
Food from all over the world!
The store smells funny but i blame that on the seafood and all the spices they have.
Food is really good .
That little place sells a variety of delicious snacks including thrifty's ice cream (yess!!!
The fresh breads, cheese, and deli counter are sufficiently stocked, if you don't require specialty items.
Delicious, fresh food and outstanding, friendly service.
Lee lee's.... the fresh fish, shellfish, poultry, pork and the prepared foods are reminiscent of my hawai'ian home.
Lots of indian, middle eastern, vietnamese, korean, chinese foods, spices and condiments.
But the fishy, stinky smells coming from the seafood tanks and poultry/meat counters are the best!
The store has a huge produce department and fruits that look really good and with the low kroger price tag.
Good place for curry season ,authentic southern asian food , balance asian grocery store
Also, the variety in their bulk food section is amazing.
I highly recommend this place to any smart foodies, shoppers, cooks.
It does look delicious though.
They have a nice variety of foods to choose from.
The prices of the organic fruits/veggies/eggs/beef/milk/etc is actually reasonable compared to other stores.
It reminded me of a whole foods.
We got a cheesecake that was topped with fruit as well as a sponge cake.
A wonderful source of fresh exotic produce, seafood, and other selections from the east.
I thought the food was very good and it certainly has a following among the asian community.
And anything you want as far as seafood goes, you will most likely find it here.
The carry out price is a great deal and the food was excellent on our first order.
It's my new favorite place because it's clean, the people are nice, and the food is fresh and high quality!
Not only was there food but there was art, jewelry and other products of the asian culture.
This whole foods is truly awesome.
The food is a+, the service is b+.
Large freezer section with items from all the aforementioned countries, plus fresh seafood.
My only gripe is that the produce section is a little lacking with its offerings, especially with the fruit.
The wife and myself stopped at the bar today for an afternoon drink and some food.
He was great when it came to ordering food also.
They also have a eide range of cooking supplies that go with seafood dishes.
Going through the fruit and produce.
There's discount food stores, and then there are bulk food distribution food stores.
This place is sort of a cross between trader joes and whole foods.
In other words, cool and interesting food with out the outrageous prices(yes i am talking to you whole foods).
They have a variety of great produce, meats, health food items, supplements, even a bulk section.
No the seafood is not cheap, but for good quality, i find it to be well worth it.
It absolutely stinks, but the prices and the foods you find here you won't be able to find anywhere else.
The food is really great and you can eat in if you like as well.
The burgers on the patio are awesome, and the deli makes a good sandwich.
Anyway, sunday night rolls around and i am still short on things for the week (food wise).
Foodis always good at cracker barrel.
From the flowers, to the fruits, and to the vegetables.
Great layout and awesome food and pizza.
I really like their fresh granola and the selection of nuts, seeds and dried fruit.
Food was good, service very nice and friendly.
There are for sure more than a few decent and / or uncommon food vendors at crossroads.
The store is big and stocks tons of foods from all over the world.
I make the trip mostly for the selection of mexican food and sweets.
For the food, they are great and we almost ordered everything.
After that, we ventured into whole foods.
They have a sushi bar, and a fresh foods bar.
Especially loved their frozen section full of delicious field roast vegan products.
Fresh, high-quality, locally-sourced seafood.
Between the high-quality, fresh seafood and the great customer service, this place cannot be beat.
I come here often for their huge seafood and meat selections, mainly because they are fresh.
I passed by their fried food a lot and always think they're unhealthy and greasy.
Im a fan of community foods.
Anywho, the more we buy, the less costly it will be to access great food.
I love their  variety of seasons, frozen foods, alcoholic beverages, meats, the butchers, and the fish market.
This is a nice little local natural food grocery store.
They offer natural supplements, health and beauty products, food, grass fed meat.
I love their food and quality.
A one of a kind cafe that mixes equal parts quaint, funky, hip and delicious.
I eat as much organic as possible especially with food prices on the rise.
Got the mango and vanilla twist ice cream and it was delicios!
I've found that not only do i end up buying better quality food, i save money as well.
I can easily spend the required $20 on fruits and veggies every week, so why not go for the discount!!
I love fried seafood and have eaten it all over the country.
They have boar's head deli meats and cheese and a huge selection of it.
Great variety of fruit & veg with a good selection of local ontario products.
They also have a lot of organic and health food brands at prices lower than the specialty health food shops.
This is the most authentic thai/laos food you can get in las vegas.
We have had lunch and dinner here also and the food never disappoints.
- nice assortment of prepared foods.
- poor selection of other international foods (to be expected of course).
Petit marché d'été : fruits, légumes et fleurs.
Vast selection of italian foods.
The deli is nice too.
The food here is awesome.
But, it is clean, the food is fresh.
Always have the greek foods i am looking for!
Best place anywhere in the valley to get seafood.
You can usually find pretty fresh vegetables at a very cheap price.
But i walk into this place and the amount of delicious food just keeps me there for an hour.
Omg the ceviches were so delicious.
I had mix seafood with mango flavor.
This store has a huge deli area and bulk items that are fantastic.
Great people and great food!
Haven't had any issues with the sandwiches i receive from the deli and the customer service is still phenomenal.
Food here is always great, we've never had any complaints.
The cheese curds were my favorite part of the food we ordered.
Also, make sure to get the lemonade, it's delicious!!!!
They have self-checkout, too, and a great selection of gluten-free foods.
Trader joes, fresh market, and whole foods will never come close to ge in overall variety, availability, and helpfulness.
This place has very friendly employees and a huge amount of foods, drinks, liquors, candy and home needs.
They are very diversified, the owners are asian, the boucher is portuguese, and i think the deli man is greek.
We come here for the food which is as close to the original mexican food as it gets.
You can also get fresh fruit juices and fruit salads at a very affordable price.
Seafood soup & shrimp soup great.
Great menu with a large selection of down home comfort foods.
Food quality is consistent regardless of location.
Prices have recently gone up slightly, but you can beat it for the amount of food you receive.
And that, in summary, is community natural foods.
You won't find shelves upon shelves upon shelves of a variety of pre-packaged foods.
The food is high quality, is mostly organic and where it can be is also local.
While that doesn't always come cheap, these are the choices i've made for my food purchases.
In terms of non-food products, they also have plenty of that.
Most noteable features is the expanded section of their freshly prepared foods, especially the dumpling counter.
They have an excellent selection of food from various cultures and the prices are generally excellent.
Veggies, meat, fish, seafood, beans, rice - those things aren't asian.
Vegetables are also a good deal here.
The fruit tray with blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries is always so fresh and delicious.
I had some chicken dish with vegetables.
I was a little bit sad because the vegetables weren't as fresh as i expected and the chicken was dry.
You want to find the most choice of locally grown and organic produce and fruit, come here!
The inside of this place is clean and employees are good about upkeep at produce and fruit departments.
The food is expensive but worth it most the time.
We really don't have the space for large quantities of food and household products.
I'm allergic to seafood but love every sort of market under the sun.
For years i have strolled on past whooley's thinking it was a mini seafood market with nothing for this girl.
Great choices for fresh seafood - especially considering how far pittsburgh is from the shore!
I do most of my shopping here and find that the fruit and pre-packaged items are cheaper than safeway.
However, what i love most about this store is the staff and the new deli.
I had amazing food for a reasonable price as the deli.
This whole market is filled with delicious options.
Super eclectic food and amazing customer service :).
There super famous for there fresh seafood department.
I highly recommend coming here and trying all the delicious food they have to offer!
The food was awesome and the staff was so friendly!
We had the blueberry pancakes, french toast, and hashbrown casserole - everything was delicious!!!
The parsley is so fresh and green, the produce all around is delicious and fresh.
And fruits are fresh everything is easy to find and the people are very nice every time i go there.
I got to hate the never-ending lowering of fast food quality.
Now i go to vons rather than fast food joints.
It's a cute little corner shop that also services food, baked goods and ice cream!
They have a couple of tables and chairs inside the store so you can enjoy the food.
My favourite is the seafood section that is impressively large.
I can find all the food items i'm looking for.
The food prices are 50 cents or less when you compare it to the local stores.
A lot like wholefoods which is also in my hood.
Lots of delicious, fresh asian veggies like pea shoots, bok choy, celtuce, and asian eggplant.
Great selection of frozen foods, with vegetarian options like wontons and spring rolls.
I'm a crazy junk food kind of person.
The bakery is delightful!
They have prepared food as well - lots of 'twigim' (prepared fried items) as well as bindaettok (mung bean pancake).
Sweet fry's with tons of organic food that is fresh, frozen and packaged.
Found it the last time when i went shopping here at food lion.
They have all of the eastern euro foods you can imagine.
From the imported cvapi (serbian sausage) to the locally made pierogi, it is all absolutely delicious.
They have a great deli with hot sandwiches made on the spot.
What is impressive is the selection of midnight cravings types of foods.
They also have the food delivery service here that you can sign up for online.
One of the best seafood markets in madison, with competitive prices.
They have both frozen and fresh seafood with a very nice selection.
Vegetables were hit and miss.
The hot food counter looked delectable and i am very picky.
Even had orange dragon fruit ... mmmm.
Everyone is amazing and the food.....authentic chinese the best!
I have eaten the foods already prepared and had many of the special order items.
I love this place and go at least 1x a week......i'm addicted to the place, the people, the food!
Was is in town for a visit and stopped by for some to go food.
However, they have the best selection of food and longos or whole foods can't beat it.
Additionally, there is a small lcbo and a great hot bar to get food on the go!
I still need to find the greek grocery and authentic italian deli in these parts...
They also have a decent variety of salads, sandwiches, and other pre-made foods for a last minute meal.
This is one of the best lao food i found!
This is a go to place for foodies.
They had a type of chicken salad and pretzel stick bread for samples , delicious bought them both up!
The food section, sushi, and very good rotisserie chicken!
Um, the seasonal roasted fruits and vegetables at the end of the salad bar make this place worth stopping.
They also serve other korean food like spicy rice cake, kim kao and bulgogi.
This place is perfect for anyone living out west wanting some quick korean food!
Always have the freshest fruits and i've been noticing some good deals !
Also shop at sunflower market and biglots, sometimes whole foods.
Stunning high-end food market with ready-to-eat deli foods and curated groceries.
The refillable balsamic vinigar flip top bottles are fun and delicious.
Wholey's is superb for seafood shopping.
A great mediterranean food store.
The store's biggest selection of goods is in deli meats and cheeses.
They always have the ingredients for home cooked asian food.
My teenage son is a foodie-in-training and he can't get enough of this place!
Their seafood section is awesome.
You rocked the food and drinks for my low-key reception.
I ordered the food for my reception with the deli counter 4 days prior to my wedding.
Confirmed the order and prepaid for the food the day prior.
They have different regional foods in every aisle.
Every vegetable and fruit your little heart could desire resides here.
They have awesome prices and have a ginormous selection of seafood, meat, produce and more.
They offer items not found in your typical grocery store and quality food.
The deli section is convenient and stocked with great items: sushi, sandwiches, green salads, roasted chicken, wraps, and macaroni salad.
I go there almost weekly to buy fresh chinese vegetables and asian ingredients.
There's a whole meat and seafood section.
One of my favorite whole foods (and i've lived all over the country).
Their vegetables are plentiful and are priced decent.
Crossroads also has a food court that has some decent meals.
If your looking for speciality food items like cheeses or extremley hot sauces you will find them here.
Devin f helped us in the deli and he was awesome.
I love the chicken fried chicken it is delicious.
I will continue to come here, like i said the cfc is delicious.
Great selection of nc/sc fish along with not-so-near seafood.
Tons of organic fruits & vegetables.
Furthermore, whole foods is pushing their low quality generic brand "365" too much.
The deli and seafood counters were well staffed and had ample supply of items.
For the choices, price, and delicious array of chocolates and other goodies, i highly recommend the dish!
It's super clean, never overly busy, and the food is truly fresh.
The variety of asian foods and spices is simply amazing.
When i make curries (thai or indian) or any sort of chinese food, this is my first stop for ingredients.
Foods that are 3 days to expire will be marked down sometimes more than half off.
Because i trust their glocery, especially, frozen food.
I also love their delivery service, i used many times on winter.
On this trip i wanted fresh vegetables and maybe fruit, preferably organic.
Nothing here is cheap, so expect to pay plenty for your shopping trip, but nobody comes here for ordinary food.
All kinds of foods line the aisles - sorted by country or region.
Great choice of fruits and vegetables and also lots of fish and meat available.
Really good food available here.
The freshest seafood you're going to get in the pittsburgh area!
Try their seafood mac or their crab dip!
They have freshly prepared lebanese dishes as well as delicious oriental pastries.
Their spicy vegetarian ready made meals are delicious.
Inexpensive food, encouraging patrons to bring their own bags, and they do have pretty much whatever you need.
Then i walked to the fruit isle, i saw rambutan, lychee, dragonfruit, etc.
The food they serve is authentic and the grocery has so much to offer.
Their fruits and vegetables are massive in size.
Their produce section has been cleaned up quite a bit, as has their seafood department.
I just bought a whole cake and several slices from the bakery, and everything was beautiful as well as delicious!!!
I prefer amaranth to the big health food stores, too overwhelming.
They have a great assortment of prepared foods, ready to make foods and just your everyday staples.
I'll say we've had some hits and misses on the prepared foods.
The tiramisu was delicious and huge portion, 2 of us left a small reminder for today.
Love the selection of fruits, veggies,organics, and local products.
I also love the prices of their fruits and vegetables.
Our hotel was just through the side parking lot, so we basically lived from this whole foods.
The grocery selections, coffee bar, and ready-to-eat food are all great.
The vegetables are the best and we usually shop at whole foods.
I had a delightful conversation with the young venezuelan owner as he prepared my medium sized plate of ceviche.
Pancakes, eggs and sausage were everything i thought they would be- delicious!
Wife and kids enjoyed their food as well.
Great food and great service!
Mcginnis also carries a variety of other items including produce, meats, cheese, and seafood to name a few.
And, really fresh and delicious with a lot of choices.
Also more warm food vegetarian options would be wonderful.
This visit i got one of thier  pesto chicken pastas sooo food!
The food is great, this is our second visit in less than 24 hrs.
Food was good, wife said, "the carolina burger was really good" and it looked tasty!
It's not the shrink wrapped giant eagle experience where all the foods are hidden and sealed away.
The food is out and about, straight off the boat and in many cases still swimming.
The hot bar items i had we delicious.
Sure, you can find delicious salads, a healthy snack, hand creams  but we came for dessert and we weren't disappointed.
I gave it a good review because their pricing for organic food is extremely reasonable here.
They have a colorful display of multiple bins filled with beans, nuts, dried fruits, and candy.
They had a great meat/seafood section as well.
The bakery had delicious looking cakes and a nice selection of breads.
My other seafood weakness is salmon.
It's a warehouse filled with huge pallets of food.
They also have their famous food court.
If you need an exotic fruit or vegetable..or anything like that ...this is your place!
The cheesy scones they have are also delicious!
I do find the packaged foods/body care products are more pricey than i have found in other stores.
Imagine this:  a quick, delicious vegan, gluten free meal to go for $6.99.
Helpful hint---there is a separate room for the ramens near the seafood area.
And the store offered up one of thier workers to deliver it assembled at no extra cost.
A wonderful eatery------------fine food, strong service, and an old world affection that makes being there a real delight!
The deli is fresh.
From what i saw of deli and wine selection i'll definitely use them to cater again.
The prices in the deli are great and the quality even better.
They have great fresh food and beer and wine at their little bar.
I like the options and it's always delicious.
Great for kids: the deli line always moves fast when you need to feed them.
I like their seafood a lot too.
Whole foods has been in charlotte for two years now and it's not new any more.
Mostly asian but lots of international food.
Food is what i miss.
Which was very fresh tasting and the garlic bread was delicious.
I love whole foods and can't believe it took them so long to come to charlotte.
Of course, i love the selection of natural foods and beauty items as well.
Thai/laos food that reminds me of home.
They also have their own brand of foods which i wont lie are very very good quality.
My favorite things here  hummus bread goods desserts vegetables wine prices  give fresh and easy a chance!
Shout out to the deli meat clerk who always give me 110% customer service satisfaction!
On time, looked perfect, tasted delicious.
), but they still have the food avenue with pizza hut express, pharmacy, and target mobile.
Pharmacy, food court, grocery is on left entrance and guest service, electronics, home is on right entrance.
So how was the food itself?
I sauteed them in butter with just a touch of lemon pepper and they were delicious.
You can usually go out to eat and get fresh seafood for less than that.
You don't have to cook fancy or complicated masterpieces - just good food from fresh ingredients.
I think everyone should at least try eating from there once in a while instead of the food court.
For my fellow laotians looking for authenic food, this place is a must!
Love the $2 draft beers, friendly staff, bulk bins (trail mix, candy, dried fruit, lentils, etc).
The price was fitting for the items i got and they also delivered!
I really appreciate the great food and also the wonderful customer service!
They are huge and delicious.
Thought of this as like, but steps above my high school cafeteria, without the angry lunch lady/lack of windows/bland food.
I enjoyed lasagna with two vegetable sides combo'd for around $10.
It's a hidden gem alternative among fast food chains in the area.
So not the place to buy fruit.
Other than fruit you can get some nice things there.
I was extremely interested in their frozen food.
My husband loves seafood (i hate it) and he really enjoys the selection.
The prepared foods bar at this whole foods is incredible.
I travel all over northern california for business and eat at whole foods usually 3-4 times a week.
I was very happy to find several of my all time favorite foods here!
I bought a box of 36 sunrype "fruit to go" bars for $4.99 (expiry in 1 month).
Walmart deli counter hot food is one of our lunch go-to family meals.
Then he offered to wrap it so that the food stayed warm.
It's so refreshing to meet a couple who are so proud and passionate about their food!
They are so sweet and happy and clearly put a lot of love into their food.
On the weekends she's told me to come on back to try the delicious rice balls.
Some fun, unusual packaged foods can be found here, too.
I'm very glad to have lotus food in the strip if i am in the mood to cook something ethnic.
Lotus food is good but i feel like they could do so much better.
Snack assortment and vegetables are pretty good but again the cheap prices make it more than okay.
I feel they have indian vegetables and groceries at much cheaper rate when compared to other indian stores here.
Also a wide selection of fruits, veggies and groceries from most of the countries.
Great selection of fruits, veggies, breads, condiments and snacks.
Just a great lunch spot the freshest seafood and huge portions for eat in service.
Food city is such a great place to shop for all my veggies, for cheap!
I can make out with almost a cart full of fruits and veggies for approx $30!!!!
My wife loved buying the fresh seafood of her choice as i enjoyed my whaler and lemonade.
What a great selection of fresh and frozen seafood, and a good selection of meat also.
Everything on the hot foods line looked delicious.
5 star seafood service   4 star hot food service.
This is definitely a great place for people who like fresh food.
The vegetable and fruits are the best quality in mississauga.
The deli, cheese, and baked bread is also the best.
Sadly i can't say the same for their seafood area.
The vegetables are all very fresh and they do carry some unique items.
They're constantly replenishing the vegetables throughout the day so there is always good selection.
The fruit area is large and they have probably over 10 types of ontario apples available right now.
They also had black mission figs, guava, passion fruit, yellow kiwi, and these giant yellow flesh melons.
The only thing missing from the vegetable and fruit area is an assortment of organic items.
They have a large selection of deli meats, fresh cheese, and packaged around the world.
As for the fresh meats, it's a miss on the seafood but a big hurray on the butcher.
Seafood is a tiny space here and i do not believe they do fast turnover of the filets.
And on top of that we have a deli that has the most delicious sandwiches you have ever had!
It's a great deal - especially since there's so much food we always split.
Great selection of all things seafood and nice little fast food places inside.
I've had his food before it's quite good.
I noticed their organic frozen vegetables were also fairly cheap at $2.99 a bag.
They carry all of the usual frozen/packaged food brands like amy's, yves and tofurkey.
At whole foods you could blow that on an organic cocktail weenie.
Great selection of natural remedies and organic food.
However in the evenings they are slow to refill pans, so the food looks a little old.
They still have samples, true to galleria form - they're plentiful and delicious and the servers are super nice.
This whole food introduced me to brandy of honey butter bakery.
They've been bringing more natural foods in and i am usually surprised by the amount of eco products they sell.
Best seafood market this side of the mississippi.
The cod was delicious and very inexpensive.
With that in mind, remember the hsbc marketing campaign of cultural perspectives: delicious in one, disgusting in the other, etc.
This is true mid-west fattie food, and i love it!
The food is always mid-west heavy, it is the food i remember eating in wi.
It is sort of like a cheap whole foods thought not as big or with as much selection.
We are vegan at home so i can't say anything about they deli or meat selection.
However by doing this you go through an enormous amount of fruits and veggies.
On this list is the foods you should buy organic in accordance of what they are spraying heavily that year.
I just buy frozen veggies and fruit here in the summer.
The food is great.
Joan assisted me in delivering a welcome basket for some friends moving into their new shaker heights home.
The food was amazing and joan delivered a wonderful surprise.
Good for buying bulk items like frozen fruit, condiments, etc.
From ramen noodles, wontons to pork bone soup ( their pre made meals are delicious!
Definitely don't expect the level of customer from harris teeter or whole foods though.
Everyone that i've interacted with is very knowledgeable about seafood and ready to make recommendations.
Catch on seafood is a great addition to the neighborhood.
Beautiful store, nice employees, delicious prepared foods.i wish more produce was local.
I have to give recognition to miss mary who works in the deli!
Really great asian food at a wonderful price not to mention the supermarket is really cool also.
Huge selection of asian food.
A lot of the food can be a little pricey, so i stick to produce and bulk.
Our order for food was taken and ready in under ten as well.
Everything was fresh, hot and delicious.
Cracker barrel has delicious food whether it's for breakfast, lunch or supper!
Quick, fresh, and delicious lunches.
Enjoyed the packed eating area at neighborhood market, bakery and food service mecca j pistone's.
I regularly go to no frills, the vegetables are fresh most of the time, fruits are good too.
I highly recommend this market for fresh seafood.
Good selection of foods.
"we did not get our delivery" said the produce manager.
We ordered some food to eat.
Decided to come here to refresh my memory of the variety of foods they have.
I was in a "care facility" that did not recognize any type of negative foods.
But i started to get just about all my foods.
Place has a soul and is packed with 100% awesome foods and provisions!
The menu is huge and the food is authentic.
The dishes are delicious and you get great prices.
Wider selection of food than most other grocery stores.
I got the salmon, butternut squash, and mixed vegetables.
Seriously, loblaws as a general chain has top notch hot-food offerings, including rotisserie chicken.
This place is packed with italian deliciousness.
It reminded me a lot of italian delis i'm used to up north.
I'm glad i finally made at trip to visit this little deli.
This is where i shop for my leafy greens, fruits and milk for my shakes.
Seafood is the freshest and the staff is so friendly.
It was delicious, and you couldn't even tell that it was two different flavors.
Awesome deli with amazing sandwiches that put subway to shame, which is easy to do, but sprouts does it well.
The service is not all that great but the food is insanely delicious!
This place is like a little italian grocery and a prepared foods shop.
The turkey from the deli here is killer!
Whether i just want some cold cuts or have a nice delicious turkey sandwich this turkey comes to the rescue.
No fresh seafood counter (4).
One of the best ethnic food markets in the region, specializing in serbian, romanian, and other eastern european foods.
In addition to imported, specialty foods, they also make a kick-butt corned beef sandwich from their outstanding deli.
Decided to come here to refresh my memory of the variety of foods they have.
Have a great selection on fresh meat and seafood.
They have food court there.
My friends order seafood crunchy noodles.
On the market side there were a lot of fresh vegetable and fruits.
They also sell fruit trees.
The meat department has a pretty spectacular display of beef and pork filets and seafood.
This is a classic spot for fresh seafood, and other fish products.
Meat and seafood,fresh breads are so great to see
I also get soft shelled crabs here, delicious!
Great for a couple who wants great quality food without the price.
He was completely apologetic, and offered to deliver the salad to our house!
Amazing place for foodies or just the culinarily curious..
The hot food is to the left of the entrance as soon as you walk in, behind the sushi counter.
Hot food menu includes fish sandwiches (ranging from $4.50-$7.99 by size/weight), crab cakes, soft shell crabs, and various appetizers/sides.
They offer fresh pasta & sauces, along with so many other food options.
One thing i love, they offer boars head deli meat, sliced to your choice..great for sandwiches.
It's a whole foods, what else's is there to say.
I love whole foods market and this one is no exception!
The staff are friendly, they have nice fruits and veggies and a nice selection of specialty items.
There staffs by the seafood area to prepare it the way you wanted it.
A varied of food that they cooked right then and there so you know it's fresh.
The food, the prices, the service - it's all spectacular.
They have a great meat selection in the deli department.
This location has a bakery, hot foods during the day and an srp paycenter / mpower kiosk.
We ordered a mixed seafood ceviche and fish tacos.
The ceviche was delicious, very nicely seasoned and we enjoyed that we could customize toppings.
The seafood was cooked perfectly and same goes for the fish tacos!
The customer service in the deli department is impeccable.
I also love that this location has organic vegetables to choose from on their salad bar.
Walking in i felt a bit overwhelmed with the delicious options everywhere!
Store highlights: the natural foods department, salad bar, and meat department.
One of the better kept food lion stores in the area, it satisfies in all the right categories.
One thing i've noticed lately is that food lion as a whole has really stepped up their produce game.
I can honestly say that food lion is back on my radar again when it comes to personal shopping.
Sushi can be made per your order and the bakery doesn't have the fruit flies in the baked goods...nice job!
If you have children you will love the choices of food you will have.
There is usually fresh vegetables and fruits plus health items at great prices.
The prepared foods/deli and cheese area were also awesome.. well stocked, huge variety and everything looked fresh.
Whole foods or whole paycheck?
But all joking aside; fresh and organic foods, a worker always asking if you need help and paper grocery bags.
This is for the cooking stuff not the food.
I love their fruit selection,  from apples to grapes.
Ordered a fruit base cake !!
It is easy to find things (except for olives) and the food is sooooo good.
I love the seafood center because of the excellent fish fry.
Very friendly and food is out of this world.
(for us food allergy peeps!)
I like foody mart.
The food does all the talking.
Definitely a big fan of this whole foods.
The bakery, salad bar and hot food bar always have  great options, most of which are fresh.
Nevertheless, whole foods has great healthy food options and brands you won't find other places.
Lastly, they actually have proper utensils on hand which makes it easier to eat the food.
So don't think of wholey's as just a place for seafood.
Spicy as fuck but the pad thai is delicious.
The very best filipino food and it is one of my favorite place to eat out.
Then shop at the vast asian grocery store for all your asian food needs.
Also japanese mayonnaise is freaking superior and delicious - highly recommend giving it a try if you haven't.
Their on line delivery awesome.
Can't wait till they deliver food.
The eggs are delicious!
Compared to other health food stores it is less expensive by far and just as good.
The cafe is a great addition; the curry is delicious!
The fruit selection looked really fresh and great prices.
Around the other corner a small produce section with fresh fruits and veggies.
Really nice whole foods location.
They don't have every restaurant station like the big whole foods do, but this one gets the job done.
Had food at the hot bar, and i felt the food needed to be refreshed and/or filled.
This place have more fresh vegetables than mekong supermarket.
They have some vegetables and fruits on sale 1$ almost everyday, but not on tuesday.
Theirs a small restaurant/ cafe inside that's pertains to vegans, vegetarians, and gluten free food.
Dig deep into your wallet if you want quality food.
Once again, this company delivers.
Great service, hot food, team work among staff and management present on the floor.
Free food samples still aren't as generous as the richmond hill  store.
The selection and the food is awesome.
My husband and i based where we were going to live in charlotte, on proximity to the whole foods.
Good, fresh produce.although still a bit pricey, but not as much as wholefoods.
If you want good take-out seafood, that is fresh, i suggest you eat here!
Note: this is all asian food so don.t expect to find fresh mozzarella here.
Great food selections, helpful and friendly staff, and an easy to shop layout.
They have high quality food, at very fair prices.
Food, medicine and snacks.
Food so good; my boyfriend and i went for the first time yesterday.
Excellent food  and great employees.
Sadly, the delicious mediterranean sandwichs, the humble guyrow/gyro station was short lived and got bumped out by the sushi area.
I suppose i thought it could not possibly be as cool as other health food stores.
Even i have to admit this is the best health food store in town.
The employees are more laid back than a lot of health food stores, and certainly a little less pretentious.
Just came back from getting food from here.
The food was seasoned and prepared pretty well.
But seriously i would recommend this spot for anyone thats looking for some good food for a good price.
A friend of mine got me into filipino food, they of course are filipino.
The store has a nice selection of foods.
Time to stock up on food.
One and the deli/bakery did not seem as nice.
I do a lot of cooking and their products insure that i am going to have a delicious meal.
An excellent selection of seafood!
Obscure seafood seasoning blend?
I especially love their organic produce section where they have the freshest veggies and fruits in-stock.
I love the freshness of the fruits and greens!
They also have a huge selection of everything but most especially the fruits and greens!
I like this place for a great selection of mineral water, italian pasta, non-diary drinks, and fruit bars for kids.
Love the selection of real healthy food for lunch.
Always a great alternative to fast food for our family when we are in the southpark area.
Helpful & friendly staff makes this a great whole foods.
Good varieties, prepared foods are tasty & fresh.
Nice large delicious crabs!
This place is awesome, the food is super and yana in the cheese dept is the most wonderful, helpful lady!
The food here is amazing!
As an upscale deli counter, they have everything from deserts, to a cheese stand, to prepared foods to go.
My husband and i are quite particular about our seafood.
Catch on has become our reliable source for fresh, fresh, delicious seafood.
We've had oysters, scallops and a wide variety of delicious fresh fish.
Great staff that is always helpful and the fruit and meat are always fresh.
I go to fresh and wild fairly regularly to pick up food before work.
For years we've bought special food items such as goat milk for our family.
This is a great asian food store and they have a lot of fresh vegatables.
The food was awesome and i have plenty of leftovers to make new meals throughout the week.
What a different and beautiful visual of the produce at whole foods!
I found this little delightful place by accident while waiting for my chinese food to-go.
All the exotic foods that i wouldnt have been able to find elsewhere.
Deli is crazy $$, the hot prepared food is laughable.
I don't know so much about "packaged food", 'cause i don't buy it.
Geat selection of organic foods.
Hosts are friendly and have great pride of their food.
Highly recommend to anyone who wants good italian food!
Good selection for healthy foods.
They have a wonderful fresh meat section along with a deli area.
Family restaurant with excellent service and food.
You will find something delicious here, i promise you that.
This store is impressive, with so many choices of foods to buy and services to check out.
Setting the standard for consistently fresh, organic food and the best customer service in charlotte.
Whole foods is now our number one store for produce, meat, fish, iced latte, and pizza by the slice.
Seafood is fresh, clean and plentiful with some selections i've never even heard of.
Such as cheese, nuts, dried fruit, wine, meat, deli & gluten free items.
Went here with dad to pick up his fruit he enjoys smacking on.
This is a great place to get fresh, organic, and other unique food products.
Sometimes there are food samples available in the store.
They've increased the amount of pre-made food they sell, as well as expanded grocery items to include the basics.
And you can have it delivered just about anywhere packed in dry ice.
I had a box of lobsters and steaks delivered to my front door in georgia.
Pricey , but meats and vegetables are so fresh and delicious!
Lots of choices for fruits and veggies.
I have only tried their decadent desserts so far and they are delicious!
But they look delicious!
If you love seafood, and you can't find it at wholeys, then it's probably gone extinct.
The produce, meat and seafood is always fresh and they have great deals.
Their deli counter features boar's head meats, the best!
Great selection of fresh fruit and vegetables!
They have a huge hot food section, and my favorite was the whiskey pork chops.
The bread was light and fresh, the spread so savory and delicious...i ate half the container before dinner.
Can get a fresh made deli sandwich for under $4.
But the food and the people are great.
The food taste like i was back in thailand.
I appreciate their comments about various interesting food items.
The store, the food, the decoration, and the staff are amazing.
It's quite spacious and seemed to be well laid out with all of your standard departments: bakery, deli, meats, etc.
You cannot beat aldi for food.
The heat-and-eat items from the deli are top notch.
And the cheese section, while not as varied as whole foods, is still better than you'll find at publix.
Lots of inventory beside food.
Large deli, adult beverage, household items like dishes and decorative items.
They have some organic foods too.
Amazing cheese selection and fresh deli items.
Slightly pricey food, but top-notch quality.
Fresh produce and live seafood can be found any day of the week.
The best place to find seasonal exotic fruits at very reasonable price.
They've really got a great selection of veggies, meats, dressings and even fruits and cheeses!
A friend of mine worked on one edge of a food desert and lived closer to the other opposite edge.
He went to three or four of those little corner stores before finding any sort of fresh fruit.
Dave's is one of the few stores that isn't afraid to take on the food desert.
The food at the restaurant is excellent.
I have tried the sandwiches, burgers, & house made chips & everything was delicious.
The live band was wonderful along with food and wine.
A really pleasant (and delicious) surprise!
We need more healthy/quality options for quick food on the go.
But don't expect to just find asian food, they have so much more!
Delicious coffee and the nutella horns are a must!
Cozy, friendly atmosphere with great great quality food and drink.
They always have great prices and deals on good food.
The fresh baked breads are that i tried are delicious, especially the pumpkin seed bread.
There is a great selection of boars head deli meats.
It was near shut down time for the deli and they were literally just pulling it from their case.
Our food arrived quickly and was just what we ordered.
There food is awesome and fairly priced!
Fabulous market, lots of fresh delicious ingredients, wide selection.
Fruits and vegetables at unbeatable prices and quality.
We've been going to the seafood center for years.
They have a nice selection to fresh fish and other seafood.
They also make a lot of other homemade foods and dips.
They also do food for take-out.
The selection of food is great.
Good food...wonderful bakery...nice selection of healthy foods!
I love there hot food bar and me and my love swear they have the best carrot cake in town!
Touch down foods also makes desserts (cakes and sri lankan style items) on-site.
They also have a fantastic choice of meats and seafood.
The lady who runs it is a delightful, welcoming, intelligent woman who is eager to help.
The community is bless to have such a dedicated leader as paul and safeway foods in our backyard.
Pastor moses highly recommends mr. paul behan, general manager and safeway foods.
My first choice of a natural food store.
Amazing hidden little place that is a bakery/cafe/gelato parlour/grocery store for italian food goodies.
We ordered the lasagna and chicken sandwich to eat in which were both super delicious!
The hazelnut gelato is rich and delicious.
Cevichés is a quaint local eatery that delivered in every way.
It's rare that a restaurant feels so cohesive, the atmosphere is reflected in the food and vis versa.
Clean modern cuisine that doesn't lack character or taste, everything was simple, authentic, and delicious.
A good-sized bowl of chinese food is $7.
You can order your food to go or there are tables inside and a number of covered patio tables outside.
Nice selection of organic foods and quality products.
A good variety of international vegetables, spices, etc.
I had a good feeling as they brought the food out (complete with free rice and beans!).
They were serving taquitos , burritos, egg white sandwiches, philly cheese steaks and apple gatorade which was delicious.
Some of the freshest seafood you can buy, but quite pricey.
Last but a must (guys take note), their floral section is by far the best of all the food chains.
The coffee drinks are delicious and the pastries are amazing.
The honey is delicious and just perfect.
Local honey and delicious.
However, he still thought it was pretty ok. fries were delicious and they give you a great portion.
I don't always buy things here, but when i do i usually get their bread and fruit here.
-pretty solid deli, produce, and bakery areas   noticeably missing: -local beers.
I really like how the seafood department is seperate from the rest of grocery and meat department.
They also have a prepared food section serving my favourite sesame balls and other hot foods.
The seafood selection is great here as well as the chicken beef and pork.
There are good sized sections:  international foods, dollar store, meat and baked goods.
Service was great, food arrived promptly and our dishes were to taste.
I do my pharmacy, all food , and utilize their customer service counter .
Best time to come here is in august when they have the bc fruit :)
I only buy my meat and seafood here.
They've got a decent selection of meats, cheeses, prepared dishes, breads, beverages, and packaged foods.
I think some may have them confused with trader joe's or whole foods.
For $5.40 you get three pairings of beer or wine and food.
It has lots of chinese food.
Truly fresh seafood is hard to find around here.
The place on selwyn is like the kay jewelers of seafood.
I'm from new england so seafood is my thing.
I could've ended my hunt for good seafood months ago
The food is amazing and the owners and workers there are super nice!
The deli department has a killer caesar salad, greek orzo salad and fresh baked tortilla chips, that i absolutely love!
The deli here is better then most other big name stores.
I am very picky with my deli meat.
If i don't go to a small deli store, i'd prefer this place over others.
I think everyone should at least try eating from there once in a while instead of the food court.
Authentic lao food, just like you were in ponghong, laos.
Meat and seafood options are always fresh.
Everything you need to cook real mexican food is here.
Homemade tasty baked beans were delicious.
During my last visit, i purchased some fruits, vegetables, meat, seafood and some canned goods.
I love this place  the food is wonderful plus i helped get them started.
Roasted chicken patties: find them in the fresh food section around the pre-made salads.
Vegetable masala burger:  in the frozen food section.
Vegetable pad thai: frozen food section.
Vegetables consist of bean sprouts and green onions, which is a little disappointing.
Peanut butter goodies: just above the frozen food.
I love their tacos, which are authentic and delicious!
As a super timid, first time visitor, they made us feel welcome and gave recommendations for food items to try.
Food (5 stars) we ordered two coffees, a cannoli, and a sweet bun they call "la bomba".
They also sell gelatos and deli meats/cheeses.
I also tried the greek village salad, it was very fresh and delightful.
It's a cute little market, a bunch of products to browse while your waiting for your food.
They have a huge selection of delicious looking prepared salads, side dishes, and entree items.
Food wise: the pecan pancakes are phenomenal!
Not bad... you can get your typical chinese to-go type food.
But this is a pretty decent joint for ready to eat food.
So much for such value if you understand what you're working with and love food.
Food is always good quality so, taste fresh, comes out in time, and presented good enough for me.
Even when they are slammed there service and food quality does not diminish.
Store was clean and organized    their were samples of food at various stations.
They have a huge selection of different lentils/beans/dried pulses a nice selection of frozen foods, too.
As a foodie, i love the opportunities yue wah provides.
Great hot foods, take out or a cute eat in area to enjoy your choices.
Lee lee is like disneyland for foodie.
I'm delighted to know that they also have a local market closer to me.
Large bright aisles large selection of fresh fruit and flowers.
The cafeteria section up front has more less authentic chinese food selection for reasonable prices.
They make a delicious pumpkin cake!!).
I ate from their asian bar and everything i had tasted fresh and delicious.
My first time having lao's style food and i loved it!
They always have great food at good prices.
I've picked up a few items from the food counter to eat and found them to be fresh and tasty.
The aisles are endless and offer you endless shopping pleasure with many ethnic food offerings.
At this point, i'd definitely be willing to return to this store for any russian food types of needs.
Ready now foods, take home heat n eat, or get what you need to make it yourself, all reasonably priced.
I got some rock shrimp and lobster tails and they were soo delicious!
The usual layout: fresh produce, cheese and olives, frozen, meat, bakery and onto the prepared foods.
The deli has a nice variety of lunch meat.
There's prepared sushi next to the deli.
The hot foods bar is so-so.
The food was a 100!
Food was fresh and tasty, service was polite and friendly.
The kosher section is pretty good too, with empire birds, ground turkey and deli meats.
They're emulating wegman's in design, but they've failed to deliver with the prepared foods.
Sprouts is cheaper alternative to whole foods.
Besides the seafood, there's a wealth of ethnic foods.
Also great prices on take-out sushi, dim sum, steamed buns, vietnamese buns, and misc other hot foods.
Whether it's in the grocery section, the prepared foods section or the frozen section.
Great food, prepared fresh.
Traditional food in a deli style setting.
Also, it features some nice local goods as well as a deli section and various food bars.
Every week i go there, i like cooking,anything they have  spices food.
Don't homesick for your country food, go to lee lee.
They sell our country food .
The place is decently clean and has a pretty good variety of produce, meats and seafood.
The seafood area is in a separate room, and doesn't smell terrible, meaning that they keep it clean enough.
It was intensely delicious!
There is also a food court and a bubble tea place (presotea specifically) on site.
Fortunately there's a great independent grocer in mississauga that has gained most of our food budget.
To me, their particularly strong departments are the produce, deli, grocery and fresh meat and seafood.
They uniformly display, no, exude genuine personal interest in both food and service quality.
When i'm in the neighborhood tho i def stop and grab great food and they have a awesome beer selection.
I havent tried anything else in the store but their seafood looks great and the meats as well.
They have so many items you can't get anywhere else and their frozen food section rocks!
All of the food seems to be fresh and last a while.
I typically do not by fruits or meats from the asian market as they usually are not that fresh.
One of, if not the best whole foods locations.
The prepared food area is large, well organized, and fully stocked.
Freshest produce, best selection of niche food products and oddities (to the avg.
You can't get food this good for this price anywhere.
Best sri lankan food around.
We love visiting and getting seafood.
They have good selection of organic fruits and vegetables.
It's where i stock up on foods i can't find elsewhere.
The food menu is small but covers the basics.
The prices are unbelievably low for such delicious food.
I utilize the hot food and beer section mostly.
They even sell some prepared foods like zongzi, stewed bamboo, and other meats.
Has many of the organic specialty items as whole foods, but also has the cheap stuff to boot.
Be careful, though, produce and organic/natural items can be more pricey than whole foods or trader joe's.
The hot food bar is soooo freakin good.
We enjoyed the vibe, food, & service!
Their prepared food section is abundant with choices, so much it can be a bit overwhelming.
Dark chocolate bar with speculoos cookie spread - delicious but also it's $1 per bar.
Love to walk around and see the organic foods and produce.
The prices are a bit more expensive than fry's or safeway but less than whole foods.
Lots of options for food and drink.
Great laotian food in vegas!
The croissant was super delicious and huge.
Love their 8 hour sale on deli meats and cheeses!!
Delicious butter chicken rice and salad for reasonable price.
It has everything including my  favorite vegetable chips!
So why is this food city so busy???
I gotta say, whole foods has become one of my faves.
I love this location of whole foods!
Their hot food/salad bar section cannot be beat.
I love how all their foods are labeled with the ingredients.
New to the keto lifestyle, this place is a treasure trove of food items that we can eat!
Best mexican food in madison--and it ain't even close.
Two softshell crabs perfectly fried for $6 on a delicious bun?
The fries are delicious too!
Ya, good stuff in here for sure and less expensive than whole foods.
But i finally had the courage to try their food after looking around at potential new thai food near downtown.
It is awesomely delicious heat.
Afterwards, we shared 3 plates of fish, shrimp and vegetable tacos.
If the great food is not enough to convince you to try this place out, then the price must be.
This was my first aj's fine foods i've ever been in.
I love that they carry local food items.
I grab a lot of fruits and vegetables here for juicing and making healthy smoothies.
They have a selection of wines, beers, and specialty food items.
It would be nice to see a bigger selection of specialty food items, more like southport grocery in chicago.
If you like good food, nice people, and really good food then you have to goto dd's.
Good food at the airport.
Claudia and madeline are my favorites here.
They have tons of selection - a mix of specialty food and regular stuff you'd find at typical grocery stores.
We also tried they bao at the deli section which had a good selection of chinese pastries and cakes.
It's all very carb/sugar-filled, processed foods, for the most part.
You will find anything kind of ethnic food here.
The market is predominantly asian, but there is a good selection of mexican, african, middle eastern, and polynesian foods.
You will find a variety of fruits and vegetables like nowhere else.
Are you able to purchase food from the in house "restaurant?"
I love the vegetables at this location, they are affordable and tend to look pretty fresh.
Otherwise, my favorite healthfood store in town.
We love thai food and i try to keep stocked up on thai supplies.
Hubby's review: if your idea of "thai food" is mild pad thai, you probably won't be happy here.
The food may well make you think you are back in/not really in-country.
I have never once seen any food item rotting, like some of that grocery markets.
A great place, especially if your looking for a go to deli.
Give me $5 and i'm guaranteed to walk away with a decent bag of food to make a healthy meal.
Fresh fruits and veggies, awesome sandwich deal in the deli, happy and knowledgeable employees.
Yep, i enjoy lunches and dinners there- and often have to ask what the food is, but enjoy it.
The food is actually pretty good for what it is!
Italian food and supplies ready to go.
One of the best foods i had while in vegas .
Food was amazing,people was very nice,this will be the place we will stop by every time we visit vegas!
Usually just $5 -$7 for the glass, three tastings and food to pair with the wine or beer.
Malcolm, in the deli, is a fantastic employee.
It's kind of a mash up between whole foods and trader joe's.
This is probably the cleanest and largest asian food market in cleveland.
Thanks and looking forward to more of my many things and healthy food!
Also, the food is outstanding.
The red curry and ta po curry were delicious.
The seafood department  has been greatly reduced compared to when they opened, but what they do have is quantity.
But the real gem is the bar / restaurant great staff, food and of course beer selection.
Huge selection of not only asian but other international foods as well that can be difficult to find.
Constantly over deliver customer service is very high.
I love this whole foods!
For a grocery store, this whole foods is always very well-organized.
The highlight of this store is definitely the hot/prepared foods section.
Excellent rotisserie chickens, wonderful pasta salads, delicious bakery...
The seafood selection is variable, but there are typically around 10-12 different varieties of fish, squid, and shellfish.
The produce selection changes up too, but vegetables are always fresh and cheap.
Beautiful place, it's like a mix of cafe, restaurant and deli.
Take it easy on the calories, everything looks great (i'm sure tastes great too) and choose your treat, be delighted.
They have real meals, and things to help you make your own delicious meal at home.
If you prefer ambiance over food, then this is not the place for you.
For us, grand asia have good food - it's simple, but very tasty.
I'm glad we are finally getting some real chinese food here.
Their salad bar is awesome, the hot food bar is delicious, you have to visit this place
The deli is so good; the perfect presentation always helps, but i love shopping here.
You would think such high-quality foods would be expensive but it's all very affordable.
Sweetberry also has a large selection of (delicious) prepared foods, as well.
Lots of good, healthy food options.
It is a store and deli but they serve up some good eats.
I had this linguine with turkey sausage and peppers that was delish!
The customer service was spectacular and the food just as amazing.
This review is for the salud cooking school located on the 3rd floor inside whole foods market.
Here, you get to jump right in & help prepare the food.
Of course after making the food, we all got to eat the food and it was delicious.
As you may have guessed, everything we were eating was brought up from whole foods market.
Even their vegetable sections are improving.
Omg absolutely love this place.....the staff is more than awesome...and everything is always fresh and delicious.
Love the addition of the deli counter
There's a good selection of bar food: burgers, sandwiches, wings, salads, apps.
Usually, i can find most food items that i'm looking for.
There's not a lot of seating around (but still some) so it's best to taken lunch foods away.
The staff is always friendly and the free samples of food in the back area are great.
I think the prices are more reasonable than going to whole foods and it's definitely more convenient for me.
Yeah, i know, they have have fresh seafood and all that but i go there for the fried kind.
Very consistent with the food and nice employee's to boot.
They also have the "open-faced" steamed buns (割包) filled with pork belly and pickled vegetables.
The latter are closer to the japanese-style desserts, also a popular street food.
The store is bright, clean and filled with so many korean delicacies.
We love the hot take-out foods.
Fresh everything is available, from apples, baked goods, deli foods, deli sandwiches, to zucchini.
Good food in a grocery store restaurant?
It is not high end food, but neither are the prices.
The food here was amazing.
The table was kept clean, our food all came out hot and at the same time.
This whole foods has 3 floors, both the wine tasting area and the dining area have levels.
The deli section is amazing, i just made the best sandwich ever at whole food.
This whole foods also has much fresher warm food bar than the other whole foods i've been to.
Overall, this brand new whole foods almost makes the hefty price worth it!
The food and staff are great.
Also just learned that on saturday's after 4pm, the most food is 25% off.
The staff in the deli are very friendly, always willing to give you a sample.
Though it was delicious, i will definitely lower the spices level.
Much better than other asian foods in the strip that are way overpriced.
This is a large store with many food options -- including prepared foods.
Imagine my delight when i spied one in peoria right off the 101.
As if we didn't have enough food, the meal was also served with cornbread and biscuits.
As a result i have done the majority of my shopping at trader joes, east end food coop, and target.
We are from so cal and we were amazed to find authentic laotian food in las vegas.
We recommend anyone looking for authentic lao food to stop by here.
I can find anything i'm looking for in seafood or international products.
Definitely my international food and seafood place to shop.
Very good thai food it like a small market too !
Real thai food and esan northern thai food
They also sell prepared, frozen foods such as pasta.
Great place for food and drinks at a good price!
I'm able to get asian snacks and food that i'm craving, like egg tofu, fruit, seaweed, and tofu jerky!
Delicious  take out seafood at a reasonable price!
Anything that deals with yummy food is my kind of place!
The staff there is always friendly and the selection of food is awesome!
I do tend to park myself in front of the frozen foods though.
Prices are fairly reasonable and you don't feel like you are getting all this processed food!
The food/restaurant area was decent.
I love this store... they are small but they have quality meats, veggies, fruit...
There food is very fresh and the single pre-cooked dishes that they offer are inexpensive as well as healthy...
If your looking for different foods as well as a few regular items, this is the store for you.
It's more like a big trader joe's than a whole foods.
Lotus food, if i could shop there every day i would.
My fiance and i can get 4 days worth of food/ things for usually $40-60 .
A great deal when you mix it with whole foods , and farmers market.
They always have such great food at the best prices, period!
This pusateri's fine food is part of saks fifth building (lower ground/basement level).
Raw seafood to raw meat are all very attractive on display.
Full bar is served on the other side of the supermarket where the meat and fruits/ veg are.
They have since renovated and now include a hot food section for take-out.
As well, i think the quality of their fruit and vegetables surpass the big grocery store chains.
Here you feel welcomed like you're family and the food is very much like home cooked.
The savory, satisfying taste of the food makes it all worth it!
She takes pride in making authentic food for her family, friends and customers.
I have not noticed any expired food or expired dates.
Side bonus they have an incredibly friendly owner and a delicious juice bar that includes treats.
They have food from all over the world.
Great produce and fruit selection.
The staff was great - which is always the case for whole foods!
Yue-wah has the most extensive selection of "ethnic" foods in madison.
In addition to asian foods, they carry jamaican, middle eastern, and latino foods.
I say check this place out if looking for asian foods.
Foods look healthy, yummy and fresh.
Since it's organic food store, prices are defo higher than the ordinary markets.
But the high quality of foods deserve the prices
Never have a bad experience here, delicious ice cream and great service.
Enough food to feed 5 people!
Overall food and service is great and they take credit card which is even better.
This is a fine foods type of food market.
It's so organized, there are so many fresh ready made foods available and i love that.
Great food, good selection and awesome prices.
I had the pasta in rose sauce which was delicious.
They are now have a separate sushi bar located in the middle section, close to the bakery and deli.
It makes them competitive with whole foods market but lower prices.
Makes a big difference when you have 10 stacks of canned foods.
Enjoy a delicious lunch made by authentic chefs and filled with flavor.
I work at the nails salon in this beautiful plaza.i love their teas here, they also have delicious bakery's!
Finally a whole foods in charlotte.
The whole foods 365 brand seems very on price point with other grocery stores and is better for ya body.
-the prepared food section is shaping up to be a thing of beauty.
As that is what really sold me on whole foods years ago.
One of the "survey questions" at the end of this page is asking me if they deliver... what a tease!
Staff always friendly and the deli staff in both locations are great!
The sample food section is usually really bare.
Additionally, the sample food section is often left unattended.
Nearby is the salad bar, deli, and produce.
Further into the store, the refurbishment created a nutrition food section, craft beer, bulk candy section, and attractive displays.
Fortunately they have the mini shopping carts that improve the quality of the food shopping experience.
Ultimately this is one of the many supermarkets that i will return to for my food shopping.
For non heat lovers they can make non spicy food as well just ask for no spicy.
The only thing i wish they had is a better prepared food counter and cleaner bathrooms.
They always have samples in the back corner, including, typically, coffee, juices, some meat, and some times cheese of fruits.
I've tried whole foods (too damn expensive).
My only complaint is that the fruits and veggies r high prices but no where near fresh at times.
It's close to work so i came here to get lunch from their deli.
On weekends, they have a bunch of fresh chinese leafy vegetables.
Friendly staff from deli, bakery to check out.
The gentleman from the produce/deli department that makes them is extremely nice.
Grab a meal at the prepared foods area and head to the upstairs outdoor seating.
Another great whole foods location with a variety of vegan and vegetarian options.
Food court: the food was delicious.
I particularly enjoyed #9 (seafood crispy pan fried noodle)  i have been looking far and wide for this specific chowmein!
Hahahahahaha  food court staff: they need to get it together.
Overall, i'm coming back here for the asian feel and products/food you can't find anywhere else!
I basically wiped the shelves clean of this gustatory delight.
My boyfriend loves it because we can find his dominican foods here too.
I purchased some delicious brown-rice-sushi!
The have a a good hot table for yummy prepared foods.
Each station gives you a pour and food paring.
My first time making it and it was delicious.
Prices are reasonable and food was super tasty and authentic!
Loved the seafood we'd grab saturday on the common market patio.
The food was delicious and the had a great selection ranging from american, seafood, sushi,  to asian options.
The lobster mac n cheese was delicious and you should definitely order it.
All different types of food for different cultures.
They have some great fruits and vegetables that you can't get at a local frys.
I only buy produce, bulk foods, meats, hand made soaps, and some bakery items from whole foods.
I never buy packaged, commercial, convenience food.
Now, if you're comparing shopping at whole foods to food lion........don't.
The service deli associates are friendly and pleasant.
Each aisle was organized by region with all of the delicacies from that land.
This food is perfect for dinner parties, big family meals and/or a quiet date night at home.
They also have a fresh seafood counter and fresh meats with asian cuts.
Seafood selection was plentiful.
- the best selection of asian fruits an vegetables i've seen!
Mostly vietnamese delicious dishes but good selection.
The food stuff is decent if you need to do general shopping.
I am now a vegetarian and they have alot of food if you don't eat meat.
Not a great deli or meat dept.
I highly recommend the seafood paella (~$24) and the fish tacos ($10).
I liked the veal sandwich, but the deli meats steal the show.
If those things bother you just get the food "to go."
I will always be indebted to my bruddah from another mother for showing us good laotian food.
I haven't shopped at their grocery store side or ate their pre-made foods so i can't speak to that.
We went in looking for a beverage and were greeted with delicious wafts of italian food and gelato!
But what you will get is food that is made perfectly and with top notch ingredients.
I bought a single serving wild mushroom lasagna, for only $7.99, it was freakin delicious!!
This is not some average hot table cafe food, this was made with skill and heart.
As for the store, they have a great selection of seafood.
I love the hustle and bustle of a seafood market and this place doesn't disappoint!
They also have other items besides just seafood.
I can find a good selection of baking supplies like fruit tarts, tart shells, and vanilla bean paste.
The food is fantastic and you'll enjoy the atmosphere of everyone shopping for lobster, crab or scallops!
Wholey's has the best selection/price of seafood in the city.
Love is an understatement; i am obsessed with whole foods!
The selection of seafood is also great and of highest quality.
The meat selection and fruits ands veg option were sufficient.
Their ceo said once that they sell food for unemployed phds: cheap but interesting stuff.
They also have a large variety of seafood and meats.
Tj's markets itself as organic or a place where you can find less processed food.
Their food is delish.
I come to whole foods (has anyone cracked the "whole paycheck" joke yet?)
They do have some delicious food and i am a huge fan of their premade pizzas and premade salads.
Over memorial day weekend we grabbed their $20 bundle which had pasta salad, a fruit tart and chicken.
I have also been to their cooking class once which was a blast with delicious food and plenty of wine.
And some harder to find spices and international foods i will round up.
Dry goods, grocery, produce, meats, fish, hot foods, bakery.
If it's asian and food, cooking, home or celebration related likely you will find it here.
The prepared foods are screaming at me to buy them.
Even being from the east coast, i would recommend the hot seafood for an excellent lunch at very reasonable prices.
Also the seafood and meat as well aren't particularly fresh either.
Starbucks inside the store with a pretty awesome deli.
The place is filled with prepared foods that look amazing and priced well.
They have a extremely wide selection of food and high quality products which makes them a terrific supermarket.
But the food is cheap and healthier than most.
Their meats and fish selections are varied and appear fresh, as do their vegetables and fruits.
It is always a great place to bring out of town guests for unique food souvenirs/gifts.
Absolutely wonderful food and very friendly staff.
All their offerings are delicious.
So many kinds of fish and other seafood as well as other goodies.
Great selection, especially in the fresh meat and seafood sections.
There is a fresh seafood area, for fresh fish, live crab, oysters, clams...
I often stop in for things like their amazingly delicious hummus or tabouleh, always at unbelievable prices.
No matter what i try, it's always fresh and delicious.
The bamboo soup is delicious ..
A wonderful, healthy care package from-me-to-me arrived fresh and delicious, as promised.
You order food in a school cafeteria style setting, and they have places to sit and eat upstairs as well.
Wholey's is a quintessential pittsburgh experience, and the food never fails to hit the spot.
The smell of seafood was the first thing that hit me....even though the seafood was placed in the back.
They had pretty much everything in here---produce, seafood, tofu, brick-a-brack, tea, canned veggies, baking items.
Great selection of organic and natural foods.
So yes, i love the sweet potato, because they've helped me enjoy eating my favourite foods again.
From delectable desserts, fresh meat and cheeses,tasty cafeteria food to kitschy gifts.
They had all the lao food that you would have at home.
I always stop by their deli to get weekly specials on boar's head deli meats and cheese.
Whole foods is great!
The prepared foods and bakery are fantastic as well and offer many vegetarian and vegan options.
Monday is vegan night for prepared foods so there is even more to choose from.
This location has a bar/restaurant with a small but delicious menu!
The spicy feta dip is delicious and we love their pita chips!
They still carry quite a good supply of persian food stuffs, as well as russian and eastern european items.
From organic meats to organic veggies and fruits.
A delicious variety of vegan treats and amazing staff.
All your food staples are really fresh actually, your eggs, milks, breads.
The whole foods we went to in wexford yesterday had something similar.
This giant eagle seems more upscale than others, competing for foodie tastes and against the whole foods nearby.
The best part about fresh & easy is their prepared foods.
For some reason, on-site beverage consumption seems a little off for whole foods, but shoppers now have that option here.
They carry many of the same products as whole foods but for much cheaper.
Look at the seafood, the frozen goods, the produce, the drinks, and grab something to try.
It was absolutely delicious iced tea and very reasonably priced.
It's got the best in whole, organic foods.
I had a lobster roll there a year ago and it was delicious!
They have a great deli and great staff that are always very helpful.
Looking for authentic lao food?
The food is great and the owner is super cool!
Love this place, my man in the seafood section is always a pleasure to do business with.
Pick your seafood, pick your sauce then pick your ingredients.
They also have some produce, drinks, toiletries, and dog food.
Bloomfield shursave is just your typical dumpy supermarket, which means you can find lots of food for decent prices.
I absolutely love their cookies, macaroons, fruit tarts and italian soda!
They have cakes delivered from other stores as well as cheesecake factory cakes.
It immediately reminded me of food fight in portland, oregon, but with more space to grow!
One stop shop for everything you need from fresh seafood to meat to produce.
The seafood room is the first impressive sight you'll see when you walk in.
Next you'll find the butcher area, then the deli, then freezer goods, then produce.
They are often giving out samples of their lobster bisque around the deli area.
Awesome authentic laos food & even better service.
If you're in vegas & want some authentic & reasonable price laos food, this place is a must try!
I came here in search of sinhalese food and was not disappointed.
The curries are coconut milk based and have a different spice profile than indian or thai food.
The owners are great, the prices are more than fair, and the food is delicious.
The place is small but they look to have a lot of great fresh seafood pickings.
My food was ready when i got there.
I don't eat seafood like this alot but i'd eat here a ton if i was a madison resident.
Pasta and provisions is the best place to get italian food and supplies.
Their japanese yams are way cheaper here than at whole foods.
They sell fresh tumeric and fresh ginger here- again, wayyy cheaper than whole foods or giant eagle.
Even if you don't live asian food, i would recommend coming here for the spices alone.
I bought a little skimmer for taking fried foods out of hot oil- under $3 for a good sized one.
They have a great tea selection and if you are into seafood, they have a huge seafood selection.
They have a great noodle selection and their ramen noodles are delicious.
Always a huge selection of organic fruits and vegetables.
I gotta say the red chile (salsa) they sell is so good i eat it like soup with my food.
We ate lunch from the hot bar area, which was delicious but not the healthiest thing.
I just probably picked up a piece of fruit of something from the grocery section to go with my meal!
Wholey also has a lot of different kinds of seafood for you to purchase and cook at home as well.
And a carb-less section of food items i didn't even know could be made without carbs!
They are an exxon but they have a gourmet butcher shop, lots of country foods, some homemade and fresh.
What started out as a place for occasional grocery needs, turned into our main source of organic foods.
The food is always delicious and the service is always friendly.
The food was better than any cracker barrel i've ever been to.
Come check this place around campus or their food cart!
All of which were incredibly delicious.
A definite recommendation for anyone looking for authentic mexican food.
Good variety of quality foods and organized well.
Best meat counter and pre made foods.
There chicken parm is delicious.
So much awesome, fresh food and everyone is so nice and helpful.
Good selection of organic food & friendly staff at reasonable prices.
Great, great foody mart!
- the cooked food, the main reason i go there.
You can find special food items there that are often hard to find in las vegas.
I got the pleasure of having tony make my food at the grill today!
Just about every fresh vegetable and fruit you can think of.
The food was cheaply priced, but still tasty.
All-in-all: the staff were friendly, the food was good, and the cost was great!
Lots of selections, especially for organic foods.
Great selection and quality of fresh fruit and produce.
The food is great too, obviously!
Grande sélection de fruits, légumes, noix, fleurs, desserts et plus encore.
Love the fruits&veggies-- always fresh.
This loblaws is pretty spacious inside, with big produce, deli and prepared food sections.
A great selection of healthy food options.
And you can include some items other than food like deordant, cat food or paper towels.
The food is incredible, and the family who owns it are very fine people.
It where i pick up my quickie food items.
Great service, all the food, candy, and alcohol you want.
Variety wise i think this place is tops for european foods for asian, t&t or oceans easily beats them out.
The food was ok, nothing special, but the selection was incredible.
Fav place to shop for our healthy food!!!!
I'm holding a beautiful bag of green deliciousness!
I really like their selection of food and snacks.
Not many fresh seafood offerings, probably better to walk a few minutes over to wholey's.
Impressions small to medium sized grocery store, but probably the most comprehensive in terms asian food offerings in pittsburgh.
Do you like seafood?
He wrote down a list of a few hidden gems--specialty food stores--that i should check out.
He said this is whole foods kinda food but half the price".
We were both very happy when whole foods finally opened and have been going there regularly ever since.
They have a great selection of fruits and vegetables, as well as seafood and meats.
You can choose fresh squeeze or smoothie.... with flavors of pure deliciousness.....
Unlike other dollar stores, this chain has fresh produce and refrigerated foods.
And enough cheap junk food to get you ready for your next sumo match.
Great health food section.
I love the fresh fruit, veggies & seafood.
Perfect place for indian families and those attempting to cook indian food.
Cafeteria style with limited offering of fish and seafood.
Cafeteria line moves quickly with the advantage of getting your food almost immediately upon entering.
So, don't go to fancy restaurants and order seafood; instead, wear jeans and sneakers, and drop into robert wholey.
Their thrifty brand ice was delicious.
I think smiths should always have free samples of food and items every day.
That is my only complaint as i am sometimes picky about my food combinations.
I've come to love smiths now that i'm living so far away from any sprouts or whole foods.
I only set foot into aj's for the boulangerie or the food counter!
Both were delicious and i couldn't be happier.
There are more food items that i have to check out and there is a huge cheese selection!!!!
But if you want normal food at good prices, it's a good place.
I am tempted by the fruit of another.
The deli department is always well staffed and stocked.
Recently, i was tasked with supplying food for a church event with 40 plus participants.
), large quantities of things like olives/feta cheese, plus they have a huge meat/deli + in-house bakery counters.
Frozen and meat/seafood section is an adventure.
The deli, on occasion, is a wait.
I always find myself here when i am craving some home made asian food.
They carry all types and kinds of foods from all over the world.
Love their selection of vegetables, as most you cannot find in american markets.
Good place for a meal if you don't want fast food..
Not a better place for buying raw fish and seafood around!
I am in love with the hot food.
I know wholeys is mostly famous for the fresh seafood and fish.
I've been here a few times and the food has been wonderful.
I've only gotten the deep-fried cod with fries, but it's always delicious with tasty tartar and coleslaw on the side.
Their vegetable section seems to be good too, no complaints from me.
They have a decent little deli to get your cold cuts, salads, and chicken lunches.
Example -  food city bananas - 3lbs for 99cents.
Buying food city bananas - 42% savings   pretty sweet!
If you love food, you'll love this giant eagle.
And hallelujah- the great prices and fresh food are back in my life!
The food is fresh and delicious, the prices reasonable and the people are great.
They have an amazing selection of fresh seafood at very reasonable prices.
The quality is super high and the results delicious!
I must seek other alternatives to my favorite delicacies of fatty fried chicken, tender prime rib, and lamb chops.
We chose the combination of seafood and lamb hot pot.
Once the broth was bubbling, we started throwing in some of the vegetables, seafood, and meat.
Also, they have a vast selection of organic and fresh vegetables and fruits.
Their food storage selection is actually not terrible considering it's one dollar.
There were about 6 months where i shopped back and fourth between food lion, harris teeter & walmart.
There are tons of flea market booths mixed in with some great food market booths/locations.
Oh, and the chocolate covered blueberries are delish!!
It's as if aldi and whole foods had a beautiful love child.
Reminds me of a whole foods with their selection of ready-made foods (fruits, salads, mushrooms, cheese etc).
There is a deli, ice cream place, tons of drinks, a place to hang out...
This is kind of a sleeper great coffee shop, bakery, deli, pizza place, sushi bar.
Also, the soup was delicious.
They are a chinese grocery store with a wide variety of items and even food to order!
Love the bulk food section and a fantastic selection of produce and wine.
Lots of choice in snack foods, and gluten free baked good that they do not have at no frills.
Fair selection of fresh fruit and veg.
Fresh seafood counter on site.
Deli, cheeses and hot food counters also available.
Food inc. industrialization has really hurt us.
Cheap large portions of processed food sounds great until those empty calories add up to a myriad of diseases.
If you enjoy great "mom and pop" restaurants with great tasting food, you will enjoy trader joe's.
Delicious, light cod on a mancini bun is heaven for only $7.
I've being shopping at this food4less for 7 years and i just love this place.
Great filipino grocery store, lots of verity, fresh sea food neat and clean.
Price are very good compere to other filipino and sea food.
All these foods just take me back!
Also tried their salted caramel cookie so delicious.
We ended up trying it and it was delicious.
They have more specialty food items.
(i cook a lot of vegan, indian, thai, and mexican food.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, i really like their prepared foods.
I'm another huge fan of whole foods!
All of the other wfm that i have shopped at always have a very large selection of fruits and vegetables.
Second, on several occassions i have found hot food bar to be filled with mostly empty trays.
Despite a few grumbles, i still love whole foods.
There's nothing more inviting than walking into a store and being consumed by the delicious smells of fresh produce.
Although the deli's salad selection could use a little more variety, the store is always clean and uncluttered.
Lots of fried foods.
Huge selection of fresh as well as frozen seafood.
They sell fruits, veggies, cheeses, cold cuts.
Known for its specialty foods this place can cater to a wide range of clientele.
For a person who adourns food this was like a haven for me.
Apparently there are at least four floor plans for the lions of food and this is the other "classic" design.
They now have some of the best meat and seafood in all of phoenix.
Outside of a few things at costco i buy all my food at sprouts now.
It now even become one or my favorite lunch spots since they have $2.99 deli sandwiches made to order.
The produce section contains everything from collard greens to delicious sweet crispy apples and local cider.
Oh, and i forgot the deli.
This isn't your average deli....what deli do you know of that has lobster rolls and bisque in their case?
I like this place because it's given me the opportunity to buy and cook different types of seafood.
Have you ever had a craving for some good mexican food?
Like not commercial mex but homemade tasting mexican food?
All those authentic mexican cheeses like cotija and cremas that are delish.
Ready-to-eat food: they also have food to go thats already prepared in the bk of the store.
Very modernized, the deli area is much larger than normal.
There are two hot food buffets in addition to the fresh pizza area.
They have a nice little deli with your normal deli stuff.
Now go get you some vegetables soldier!
Great selection of low carb foods of all kinds.
It also doesn't jack up the prices on healthy food like most retailers.
), frozen veggies and fruits, and breads.
The food is basically what you or your parents could make at home, but i kind of like cracker barrel.
The fact that they carry more and more organic foods is a huge plus.
It carries a wide variety of asian items, as well as fresh vegetables.
We usually bounce back between this place and hki in case they dont' have fresh veggies/fruits.
The stores that operate under the bashas' company include aj's fine foods, bashas', and food city.
My favorite employees here are the cashiers and the food court employees.
Federico and linda, in the deli are possibly the best employees in that store!
They sell a lot of ready made foods.
Their vegetables seem to me to be much fresher than some of the others.
I like this place because it carries a wide variety of specialty foods.
Organic food is grow with chemicals...let's be clear.
The produce is no better or worse than food 4 less but is much more expensive.
I do love their vegan/vegetarian friendly foods and their employees all seem to be very at peace.
They delivered when they said and gave me updates via text.
There is an awfully lot of good food to be had from a diverse array of cultures.
I love whole foods and i've been to many of them around the us.
We purchased some feta and lavash and they are delicious!
The fish counter carries an amazing choice of seafood, including fresh octopus at times.
The food court admit never order anything from but one day make point too check it out.
Ethnic foods and ingredients from all over the world, though their emphasis on asian foods.
They even had a section for gerber brand baby cereal with other baby foods, toys, bedding and clothes.
I was also impressed with the fresh food area which sold items like fresh broccoli and portabella mushroom caps.
If you want to eathealthy, organic, fresh food with reasonable prices, this is your place.
Their potatoes are always cheaper than everywhere else and they have fruits and herbs that are hard to find elsewhere.
The fruit and veggies are usually pretty fresh and at good prices.
And before you ask, there is a delicious choice or gluten free and vegan treats to choose from.
Food and service are always top notch.
It is one of the new "p-fresh" locations, so it has fresh food, produce, meat, and other grocery items.
It's actually the lowest prices on food i've seen around.
Lotus has a great selection of asian foods (most of which i have no idea what to do with).
It is less expensive than whole foods.
They have a fair selection of organic food.
We bring our girls here when we want some down home food.
Sweet jesus this place is expensive but they have an amazing selection of high quality foods and meats.
The real highlight is the hot food bar, sushi bar, and the street food bar.
You can get all your korean food needs here.
I grilled some flank steak tonight and it was delicious.
My wife is very picky about food quality and always looking for the organic option (or at least pesticide free).
I had heard they had food to go or something like that.
The food was very fresh and well prepared.
Food - good, fresh and cheap!
Love the bulk food section.
If you are lucky enough to have the owner cook your meal you will fall in love with their food.
We decided to come back again on sunday morning before our we left and the food didn't disappoint.
The cod croquettes and fish tacos were delicious.
Had a great convo with the deli lady.
It holds all sorts of miscellaneous food stuffs that i am always dying to try.
The organic food selections are available.
Foods are in stock and fresh.
Smith's also has a natural/healthy food section that helps me shop for gluten free food easily.
She stocks an amazing variety of items in a small space, plus delicious korean grab and go deli items.
Si vous comme moi, vous aimez les fruits de mer dans une ambiance latino, vous allez aimer.
The fresh fruit is the best in town.
The vegetables are cleaned and prepped for us, and it's not expensive.
Great selection of international foods (asian goods being the most popular).
While items are grouped together by type (cookies, fruit, noodles, spices), not everything is organized logically.
Their prices are similar to earth fare's and whole food's.
They also have great deals on spices and non-food products.
If you want seafood, you come to wholey's.
The space itself is chock full of food, it can be very overwhelming, and tight in there!
Service is very quick, you get the food, you pay, you're on your way!
They have condiments after the register if you are purchasing ready to eat food.
A small price for great seafood!
If you like seafood and you have not been here, you must make a visit!
Very impressed, especially with the deli department.
The deli guy was very helpful and suggested the salmon plate combo.
The deli has great chicken salad and potato salad.
Very convenient for when you need to run in, grab something, and then run back home to food cooking.
The year-round indoor portion of the market has a couple dozen food vendors (e.g.
Lee lee's will satisfy all your asian food/ingredient needs.
The peanut butter is out-of-this-world delicious.
They have a pretty awesome deli counter too.
Great grocery selection, as well as prepared food.
I also recommend the hot foods specials from their counter!
The fried chicken is delicious.
I also sometimes buy from their bulk foods and bulk spices sections.
Great place, great produce and food!!
And they finally are able to import one of my favorite fruits, the mangosteen!
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, from triple cream cows milk cheese to garlic mashed potatoes; the food is glorious.
Nice produce and nests, great selection of delivery meats.
I get a lot of my fresh fruits & veggies from here, it's the cheapest, even cheaper than fry's!
From noodles to fruits, to filipino goodies and seafood oh my!
The selection of everything from food to holiday decorations to clothes is wonderful!
Their sea food selection (fresh) is amazing (same as the smell).
Aside from food city and sometimes sprouts, this is the place to find papayas.
Great service, solid selection and plenty of non seafood options.
Overall, this store has a great selection of vegetable and meat items.
Deli and bar food (mardi gras wings and mango key lime pie) beats harris teeter any day.
Stopped in during my recent visit for the panthers/arizona game and had my favorite sandwich from the deli:  the italian.
We like the variety and that they have indian food as well.
I never thought i would be reviewing whole foods as a restaurant, but trust me, it is.
So when whole foods came to town, i put up my heinins flag.
Excellent deli selection and a lot of wisconsin products!
The food is awesome.
Never had a complaint about the food for the 15+ years i've been coming here.
Although the food is mighty good, i wish there was another filipino store (like this one) close by to me...
- if you like potatoes, you have to check out their hybrid mashed potato/hashbrown creation which is super delish!!
A very eclectic market with a wider variety of fruits and vegetables compared to the calgary farmers market.
Now, i don't shop here, i come for the restaurant/bar or the prepared food.
The food prepared in the kitchen is really, really good.
That cant be right...this is whole foods.
They are like half the price of whole foods.
Sometimes on the weekends they even have free, delicious samples they offer up as you're wandering the aisles.
What can i say love me some aj's fine foods!!
Excellent salad soup bar great sushi made to order deli and meats superb wine and beer selection outstanding
The fresh bread is delicious and inexpensive.
I only hope they add hot foods for the days i don't feel like cooking.
Plus they have a food court, gas station, auto shop and car wash, can you find better ?
Great place for vegetables at a discount price.
Local lettuce all year round from the hartville greenhouses, deli case that makes sandwiches, local pastry and bread, friendly staff.
My only quibble is common to all chain grocery stores - not enough foodland ontario produce.
Glad to have this available, for both gas and food stuff if needed!
Realizing that eating organic is expensive, they still out due whole food's prices by a long shot.
Great food bar and sandwich area...
I especially enjoy the area with dried fruits and nuts.
It was great and the bread was delicious.
Very nice people and great food.
Deli is ok..not horrible but i experience better.
Seafood....well while clean and fresh...prices are out of the world.
This place is a foodie's paradise and it will take your food shopping experience to a whole new level!
However, the sections along the perimeter of the store and beyond are what sets whole foods apart from their competition.
They have a fantastic selection of dried herbs, seasoning, grains, cereals, fruits, nuts, beans, etc.
~ seafood - "fresh"....let me repeat..."fresh" seafood!
It was gooey and delicious.
Anything and everything you can image from prepared meats, fish and tofu to delicious salads, grains, and pasta.
It has fish, meats, food, and more!
It remind me of whole foods but not the prices.
Fresh foods, cheese, bakery, all are awesome!
Whole foods pricing with metro quality.
Produce and starbucks at front, bakery, then deli as you move counterclockwise.
Their deli is great.
The best thing about smiths imo is their natural foods aisle, their selection, and prices!
So i am headstrong about making lentil soup that day and instead of going to whole foods (see past review).
The gelato is made in house with less sugar which was so delicious.
I love everything about them, especially their commitment to healthy, gmo free food.
Looking for really fresh veggies, fruits, herbs this is the place to go!
Their frozen vegetable lasagna is uh-ma-zing.
I have purchased amy's soups from here and they were delicious!
Their dark yolk eggs are very creamy and delicious.
They have pork - which is by far the best,  most delicious choice - barbacoa, steak.
Don't talk to me about whole foods unless you make 6 figures a year.
We have purchased all sorts of groceries and steaks and have always been delighted by the superior quality of food.
The seafood is some of the best and freshest around.
-delicious baked goods, even better when they are marked down.
The products are fresh, healthy, delicious, and unique.
For instance, they sell the most delicious honey that is brought in from a place just north of toronto.
We couldn't believe how delicious the dried ginger, smoked almonds, honey, and raisins were!
I don't actually shop here for food, i just go and buy things that are already made.
I have tried 3 different types of food: sushi, the sandwich, and the hot meals.
The hot food:  i have liked everything i have bought as far as the hot food goes.
Overall, a pretty tastey place to get food when i don't want to bother cooking.
Food is healthy-er and priced low but packages are smaller.
I also love albertsons deli area and selection of cheese.
Deli, grocery, and customer service have always been very good.
Finding specialty animal-free foods in a typical grocery store usually takes a concerted effort and spending commitment.
The snack aisle has a variety of nuts (roasted and unroasted), dried fruit and various munch-ables (healthy and indulgent).
I love to go and look at the live seafood :)
Huge, meaty fresh and delicious.
Been shoping there for last 20 years for food.
Always fresh fruits and vegetables.
Lots of food choices, decorative goodies, clothing items-and a great deli.
Both times we have had absolutely exceptional service and the food rivals any sit down restaurant we have been to!
It had chicken with prosciutto and cheese with sautéed spinach and tomato) which were delicious.
So, i love whole foods, but for a grand store, they can be very limited.
Wide selections of asian food.
The selection of vegetables is amazing.
Plus you definitely want to save room for their delicious desserts!
I love shopping for veggies & fruits here.
The place was huge, dry and wet market and meat and seafood market in one place.
Multiple aisles with food from different countries eg.
The vegetable section, though not always fresh, offers a lot of variety.
Amazing fried chicken place is amazing been going for years all the best foods.
Fresh and wild is like whole food's younger sister that you can't help but be friends with.
Their hot food/salad bar has some good finds, such as the kalette and butternut squash salad.
The chicken breasts, especially the greek/kale stuffed ones are quite delicious.
Make sure to check the expiration date before you purchase any food.
The boulangerie is a purveyor of illi coffee, and delicious homemade pastries and cakes.
Tony made some amazing food today!!!
Delicious and authentic lao just like at home or visiting lao friends.
But the food was off the hook-hot, fresh, homely, comforting, cheap and so good!
I told her, no, unfortunately not, but i know good food!
Their khao poon was creamy, delicious heaven!ahh.
I'll trade you one food city for one trader joes...
Friendly staff from deli, bakery to check out.
Expect that you will get a delicious satisfying meal, well worth the price.
Not only was it delicious but the asparagus spears and potatoes filled the plate.
The food selection for the size of the store is great.
All fresh, delicious, and well priced.
Chinese grocery stores often have the cheapest vegetables (usually greens), and cheapest meat (order at the butcher).
Why shop at whole foods when you can save oodles at sprouts?
The hot/prepared food area is quite large and always with a great variety.
Their bbq pork and/or bbq pork ribs are delicious and generally priced cheaper than any of their competitors.
Great place for whole foods.
My son has food allergies so it's either sprouts or trader joe's that we shop at.
The food is high quality and tasty.
The fish is delicious, flaky, and fresh, and the french fries are hot and addicting.
Only bad experience is the deli staff when they are making sandwiches.
Abound for carb loading here, whether for your latest endurance run or for your sunday dinner food coma.
This is a local gem that any foodie will put on their must-see list.
The food section is great and they always have great samples in the aisles.
This location is pretty darn cool with tons of food and awesome displays.
Plenty of produce, it has a hot food counter, a deli and ton's more.
The fried chicken in deli is amazing!
I haven't tried their restaurant yet but have tasted their roasted duck samples (delish) and hot buns are also delicious.
I enjoy the chocolate/candy/nuts/dried fruit section.
More expensive the food lion?
Is located on the 3rd floor of the whole foods in south park.
It has everything you need, assuming your needs primarily revolve around seaweed and dried seafood.
The vegetables are cheaper and nicer than the nearby giant eagle (a low bar), albeit with a much smaller selection.
They have the usual food offerings but then so much more.
There is also their deli section delish fresh salads we have bought the coleslaw numerous times.
It was nice to see so much local food.
Great food and a kind staff.
I really loved the lobster bisque and the french macaroons were delicious.
From the food court, i like the three meat pizza.
They have cut up fruits that are delicious, mango is my favorite.
I now have a neighborhood seafood market!
But no - turns out it's an actual seafood market.
Support our newest neighbors - they do a good job at catch on seafood.
Good, large, well-stocked whole foods!
Lots of hot bar, deli, soup options.
Bulk food options are a little sparse - as is the cheese selection - but otherwise everything is great.
I love spicy food and these tacos had just the right kick!
Love their bakery and the food they have to offer its a really nice market with a lot going on.
This place is pretty awesome, the best part about this grocer is the food court and the pastry shop!!
I think they can also use more table in the food court seeing how busy it gets.
Clean bathrooms, lively food court, courteous staffs.
I have noticed that their vegetable broth is cheaper than metro.
), pasta, cheddar bunnies, bunny fruit snacks, kimchi and other items here.
They offer great natural foods as well as natural items for healthcare.
But they carry many non organic foods as well.
And many foods in bulk.
I came with my mom and my aunts and even they said the best lao food ever!
Food coma for real!
Food city and the other mexican supermarkets overprice their banana leaves so my mother prefers to come to lee lee's.
I used to purchase seafood, meat and some produce at wholey's in the strip.
Strip steaks, veal scallopini, pork roasts, ground meat and some seafood.
Seafood, meat, chicken, produce, deli delights... and never leave without some of the  incredible breadworks offerings.
We'll each make a pizza - soooo delicious.
Overall 7.9/10  the hot cookie was delicious at the coffee shop inside the store.
The prepared food goes on sale at night, but the quality is not good.
It's probably because of the seafood section, availability of different raw meats and exotic innards and cooked foods.
That includes anything from toothpaste, to laundry detergent, to dog food.
It was so much easier to pick out healthy food, and the prices are hard to beat!
My family and i have always done our food shopping here !
Great sea food prices.
The worker at the seafood counter was also nice and friendly.
I could literally spend hours here if i could due to all the variety of food selection they have here.
This place reminds me of a whole foods, trader joes, and your typical grocery market all combined in one.
You can really get some good deals on meat and seafood.
The smell of fresh food hits you at the door, but after awhile you get use to it.
The deli meats are fantastic, friendly & quick service.
The pomegranates were enormous, the oyster mushrooms looked delicious and i can't wait to try the squash blossoms next time!
Seafood section was full of fresh looking king crab, and fish.
The staff are friendly and the store has always been stocked, had fresh food and been well cleaned.
Even though the food was just slightly above microwave meal quality, there was something comforting and awesome about it.
I'd like to meet the people who stack the fruit perfectly in their produce section.
I love coming here for frozen food and the prepared food.
And don't miss their delicious croissants!
I always come here to get pastries in the morning and its always delicious, sweet and reasonably priced!
Honestly, i've always thought of whole foods as a "window shopping" grocery store.
There were vendors delivering local salmon, produce, meat, beer, and coffee while people were walking around.
The food always taste great and it is decently priced.
A nice mix of brand name food and kroger house brand.
Ruler foods is the outlet source for food from the kroger supermarkets.
Great food, both hot and cold.
My bowl of delicious gumbo and generously sized warm rumsauced bread pudding was just over $12, so affordable also.
World of food that is of course!
This is the best asian supermarket i've ever been to (second place is grand mart international foods in dc).
The food is freaking delicious.
For any of you who are looking for authentic laotian/thai food, this is a lv hidden gem.
Your typical fruiteria/mercado filled with tons of mexican goodies and yummy food.
Their green jalapeño salsa is deliciouso!
Their are tables as well in the back to enjoy your food at or you can take it to go.
Came with all the fixens: guac, salsa, rice, beans, grilled vegetables, mozzarella, and corn salsa.
Produce is good and the premade food section is awesome.
The soup and mac and cheese definitely put me in my warm comfort food happy place.
Sprouts is also a great alternative to whole foods for those of us on a budget!
"50% off" beckons me and gives me the chance to try such foreign foods as fresh apples and pita bread.
They had lots of different deli foods that were already prepared that looked great.
Great selection of food, hard working people.
It has all you could need from a small "7-11" style gas station / food mart location.
Great spot to pick up great fruits and veg.
Also good prepared foods.
Like other food 4 less locations, you can easily find kroger products (which i love).
They have bulk food section which a lot of grocery stores no longer have.
If u think their food is expansive, then u save money by shopping ther for house hold items.
Irrisistable is metro brand unlike no name brand they are the highest quality brand for food and they are healthy.
I think i tend to find better vege and fruits from metro than lawblaws so i still prefer metro.
Loved the food and selection.
They have a good supply of asian produce, packaged food, snacks, candy, sauces, teas, etc.
I also like how lotus food co orders some chinese pastries from chinese bakeries in new york and other places.
Food voyeur that i am, i google around to see what others are recommending.
I can't duplicate the deliciousness of these cookies for either taste or cost...mmmm.... 7.
Even in a busy saturday morning in december our waiter is on it and the food is delicious
Lots of cool things-- ukrainian, russian, polish, foods  cool!
I know people who can do all of their food shopping here.
I enjoy shopping here for fruits and vegetables.
Not quite on par with a great deli, but you can't beat the quality at this price.
The guest stated the food was excellent,they wanted to know who i catered through.
A delicate taste, a hint of citrus and the sweet smell of cedar smoke.
Wide assortment of asian foods, well organized, and clean.
Yuh-wah has foods from china, japan, korea, india, vietnam, and other countries.
These include: capico brand, ramune brand, and drink flavors such as dragon fruit, coconut, and grass jelly.
I go for produce which is nice on select items- fruits and greens have been lovely here lately.
Easy accesible this is where i do most of my shopping apart from trader joes and whole foods.
Only downfall is it doesn't have a large fruit section.
I love the simple truth and simply organic lines and also the growing health food and organic produce areas.
Produce fruit and there prepared hot foods are priced well.
At least for produce and fruit.
The building is not that great but the food is the bomb.
I love fruiticana  are you looking for new and exotic spices?
Maybe fresh fruit and veg?
I recommend the jalebi (glorious sweet rose water delights) and the gulab jamun (sweet cake balls).
The food is amazing.
Brave the environment and eat this food you won't be sorry.
Great service great food !
I love the food selection at the peach stand.
They are pricy but the quality of food items justify the prices.
They have deli,  bakery, meat and produce.
Favorite grocery store for healthy, inexpensive, non gmo food with the option to buy organic.
The prices and selection of produce, meat, deli items and snacks can't be matched.
Everything else was delicious.
Very authentic laos foods.
A must for my smoothies so know you know why this is one of my food shop stops.
The variety of asian food is outstanding.
There is also a restaurant inside that serves great food and huge portions.
If local, organic, and/or artisanal food appeals to you, the answer approaches a definite, "yes" at charlotte's first whole foods.
The hot food and salad bars can get pricey quickly, for example.
One of favorite spot here is the deli.
I even tried their fruit vegan muffin, oh man those were really good!
True italian style deli/pasta/wine () .
Delicious  i'll be back for the pizza to go kits and browse around some more!
I love this whole foods!!
My favorite part of the store is the prepared food section, the possibilities are endless!
The bakery has a delicious assortment of cupcakes, including gluten free and vegan options.
I find that the meat and deli area to be very helpful and clean.
The quality of the food is great.
Healthier foods at better prices!
It has all the usual loblaws bits - a fish stand, deli counter, butcher counter, bakery.
Fresh vegetables at amazing prices and tons of different potstickers (dumplings) in the frozen section.
They have a selection of healthy, organic food at great prices.
Everything i have had from catch on has been fresh, delish, and just downright awesome.
There are also several locations across the u.s. lucky's is a cross between whole foods and aldi.
Cheaper than whole foods and a bit more expensive than aldi.
They have mostly (if not all) organic produce, meats, snacks, skincare products (deodorant, body oil, etc), prepared foods, etc.
The pork potstickers was delicious especially dipped with the sauce it came with.
Cooking class offered by whole foods.
We were offered a glass of delicious sangria and a spanish appetizer while waiting for the class to begin.
Hands down, the best place in madison for fresh seafood.
There was no way i was going to trust seafood from any place else for my raw rolls!
I love whole foods.
The food is expensive, but the people are extremely helpful and kind.
The calming effect the moment you walk through the doors, the music, the food, the candy jars (wait!
1) they have some of the best fried seafood in town.
After a long soul-wrenching search, my friend and i had finally landed at bodira cafe and fine foods.
My diet primarily consists of fruits and vegetables and this markets delivers both at a good quality.
Their already prepared food are delicious too.
It's not quite while foods but far from an average grocer.
It was like the perfect hang over food.
The nam kao was also delicious but i think it would have been wayyyy better without the slices of ginger.
You know when you walk in somewhere and it gets you excited about food and inspired to cook a feast?
Food quality top notch.
I recall they had some unsulphured dried fruit.
They have gift trays so you can load up your own nuts and dried fruit platters for gifts.
A combination of comfort food and therapy shopping :)  i do love this place!
All of the food is great, but my favorites belong in the breakfast category (and are served all day!
Deli has great sandwiches as well!
The good: the food is for "unemployed phds" - sophisticated but inexpensive.
Such a big selection of greek foods.
This place has a great vibe and the food is delicious.
They have a very nice deli and butcher well.
I have a few dietary restrictions, so, i actually get most of my food here.
They spoke laos and so does my hubby so ordering was smooth and food was pretty authentic.
The best mexican food in chandler!
I have literally spent under $30 for two weeks worth of food.
I love whole foods and this location is really nice!
The food ended up tasting amazing, we left full and they even send home the recipes for you.
The prices are good, a little more than wal-mart, but cheaper than other stores, way cheaper than whole foods.
Great selection of food and decent pricing.
This walmart is newer and has the fresh food market section.
Fresh fruits, bakery, cheeses and etc.. pretty clean as well.
Matches food basics, no frills even though i'm not aware of those nearby stouffville.
On this sunday afternoon, it felt very much like a costco experience with food sampling around each corner.
There have been many times i've been turned off by the lines, drop the food and leave the store.
The staff here are accommodating food came out very fast and cooled to perfection.
I certainly will not be going back to any grocery store for my seafood needs!
Most of the items in items in the store are labeled under "trader's joe's" brand and very delicious.
I would challenge you to check out tj's and step away from big box stores for something unique/delicious.
Great fruit and veggie stands.
They have many other kinds of food (other than asian).
Its like my little miniature whole foods/mothers market happy place.
This is the place to go for quality filipino food as well as a warm, friendly setting.
The place really opens up once you enter and the food is really authentic!
Fish sandwich was delicious and packed with lots of tasty fresh fried fish.
All of the fresh and easy brand things i've tried so far have been delish.
One of the food things i've missed the most after moving out here has been taiwanese bread.
Of note is the beef noodle soup that's a typical taiwanese street food dish.
How about just the prepared food section?
I could eat so much of the food.
For a long time i had given up finding authentic french, light & flaky, buttery delicious croissants in charlotte supermarkets.
It is a good place for a family dinner, nothing fancy, but good food and good size portions.
There is such a great selection of fruits, fresh veggies, and meats.
This food city has seemed to lost a lot of customers since the frys mercado opened up across the street.
I love the produce, deli and prepared foods...publix homestyle potato salad is to die for.
The food court offers a taste of the world and is very family friendly.
Excellent food and tremendous service!
This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was september 24th 2008.
They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.
My favorite place for meat and seafood.
I mostly go for sushi, their outdoor grill (burgers), holiday foods (easter,christmas etc.)
Sunday omelet bar, deli sandwiches, soups, bakery and ice teas.
This is my favorite fish market in the charlotte area due to the quality of seafood they provide.
Not only does this store have an amazing selection of food, but the customer service is amazing!
If you're looking for organic what-have-you and prepared sushi, head down to whole foods.
These fruits are sweet and fresh, and definitely not frozen.
The food court has good food for great prices.
Their deli and bakery departments are the best and their cakes are delicious and low priced.
The store reminds me of a cross between walmart food section and a trader joes.
Love getting my produce and specialty foods from here.
Super affordable and have everything you need to cook authentic indian and asian food and others!
Their meat and seafood selection is exceptional.
They have so many great products at fair prices (not wal-mart cheap, but fair and much better quality foods).
Amazing & authentic lao food.
Delicious foods, organic and natural.....not to mention the employees are a w e s o m e .
The size of the fruits are actually the size of what they're supposed to be.
And, boy-oh-boy is this a vegetable and fruit selection.
And not to mention all the people fighting for that unbruised fruit or veggie.
No everything is not perfectly aligned like the monster marketing genious of organic grocery store, whole foods.
Hell $160 at whole food equals 3 bags of grocery.
Visiting montreal and this food is delicious!
Also an extensive selection of teas and supplements, instant sauces, seasonings, meats and frozen foods.
I ended up buying everything on my list  instead of going to another food store!!!
Prices are reasonable and fruits/veggies so fresh!
My first choice in food shopping definitely!
Food items like tajin ( a wonderful chili and lime type of seasoning for corn, mango, etc.).
They looked delicious, however i must admit i didnt have time to stop for one.
Looked like lots of fun food gifts and drinks too
We have been whole foods shoppers since 2011 when we lived in va.
We really have no complaints about this store and love whole foods!!
Range of vegetable selection is good and fresh  food is also a real deal.
This place is very nice and has very good prepared food.
Their organic food is cheaper than whole foods and just as good.
They also have boars head deli meat which is pretty hard to find in vegas!
This is a great food store.
Oh, and then there's the food.
I love the "kitchen counter" where they give out those delicious samples for shoppers.
We made lavash and smoked salmon pizza, and it was delicious!
I forgot my credit card and was short 40 cents when purchasing my food for lunch.
Great selection of meat and seafood.
They also have a section for fresh fruits and vegetables.
Also packaged foods like jams, crackers, gnocchi, chocolate bars, etc.
They also have a good selection of frozen food that you just don't find anywhere else.
The prices are awesome and they have a great selection of food.
If you are looking for a grocery that has a variety of foods for a great price.
The peach stand is my favorite place to go for 'gourmet' food in fort mill.
Everything was delicious and very authentic!
The deli is terrific too.
Yesterday i tried food from "joy luck club" lunch counter.
I continue to be a whole foods fan.
I love running in there to pick up some young jack fruit in a can.
Could it be the awesome foods?
The serve a special lil sample that is actually delicious, unlike the microwaved up breaded crap at most places.
I then go down the frozen food aisle.
The food variety is comparable to albertsons in summerlin.
And lets be honest we all know the grocery stores in summerlin get the fancy food varieties.
Whole foods at the southpark location is a delight to behold.
Still being the consummate foodie, the vast array of foods i had no clue existed is phenomenal.
I must have been this is becoming one of my more favorite food shopping locations...
If you're looking for great comfort food, sister's oriental is the place to visit.
This restaurant serves very authentic lao and thai food.
If you're into organic produce, sprouts has the best selection of any store in town, except maybe whole foods.
Probably better than anybody else because even whole foods' butcher shop devotes only a very small percentage to organic/grass-fed.
With tj's fantastic selection of healthy delicious choices, i've grown to experiment with bolder concepts and simpler ingredients.
We will no longer buy pre-frozen seafood from grocery store again.
I was very pleased with the superior quality of produce, packaged foods, deli, snacks; etc.
The produce is quite good, and you tend to get some of the more exotic vegetables (ex.
Several varieties of chilis) and fruits (dragonfruit, fresh lychees and rambutan).
I especially like the fresh jackfruit!
Don't expect a whole foods experience, but expect a fun excursion.
Bon choix de fruits et légumes à bon prix.
Fruits and veggies look very fresh.
And surprisingly, the cooked food here is delicious!
The protein selections are amazing and delicious!
The fruits and vegetables are always in great condition and delicious.
This smith's has the best organic/natural food section out of all the smith's i have shopped at in vegas!
Their food selections are great.
They have a lot of choices for vegetarian food and the prices are amazing!!
If you want good food fast this is it.
Mark, the deli guy, keeps the deli sparkling clean.
This store also is home to a café on the inside which has all sorts of delicious treats and drinks.
I have yet to find another store that sells the same variation of food in a unitary complex.
The owners are also big slow food supporters and couldn't be nicer.
Very nice upscale deli counter.
Whole foods - my new favorite bar!!
Long live whole foods!
It's exciting trying exotic fruits and veggies.
The meat and seafood sections look and smell clean, the floors are dry, and everything looks fresh.
This place is great the food wow!
My go to for any seafood cravings!
Delicious, golden-fried, jumbo shrimp dinner with fries, coleslaw, and tartar sauce for only $6.99.
The hot foods section is appealing, lots of original ideas and dishes throughout the week are offered.
The store includes a full bakery, chocolate section, beer, floral, seafood and meats sections.
They carry a variety of organic and non organic fruits and vegetables that come in seasonally.
They offer free fruits for kids and have a few carts for children.
Food is pretty good.
For the price, it's a great value and delicious meal.
Like other just said, it is a typical asian supermarket, foods are fresh and inexpensive.
Love both their seafood as well as their policy of local or domestic sourcing.
Not only seafood, but the best looking wagyu beef i have seen- and priced at supermarket usda choice prices!
I will definitely make this my "first stop" choice when shopping for seafood or beef!
The food is pretty good and best of all, it's also pretty cheap.
Great vibes, great food, great customer service.
So happy to have a whole foods close to home.
The friendly gentleman behind the counter offered several suggestions, followed by samples, all of which were absolutely delicious!
The selection of fruits and veggies is out of this world - i love heirloom tomatoes in season!!!
The bakery is so reminiscent of amelies....such blatant food porn!
The food was very delicious especially the cod fish cakes, simple place, nice service and the price is very suitable.
Looking forward to trying more from the prepared foods section!
The food counters have a lot of variety.
Always good food and fast service for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
There are a lot of delicious options and tons of wonderful indian spices.
Overall they have a good variety of ethnic foods, which is great.
I shop nearly 100% at community natural foods.
The selections are sad (more face painting booths than fruit/produce stands) and the price is higher than whole foods!
(admitted by one of the stand salesperson who advised me to go to whole foods to buy the same thing.)
A lot like whole foods but more affordable, different selections.
They have lots of healthy food options and the prices are very reasonable.
Personally, i like to shop at whole foods for produce and specialty items and sprouts for everything else.
They ship anywhere and have a large variety of seafood.
This is always a stop when visiting family and i highly recommend a stop if you love seafood like myself.
Best place to get seafood and meat in clt!
That goes for breads, cakes, cookies, batter dipped fried foods, and most other foods.
In other words, eat grass and see how long it takes before you are craving a food that contains eggs.
), middle eastern spices and various food selections, and lets not forget the mochi ice cream.
I had no idea what aj's food was, but had a chance to browse through it the other day.
The deli is unlike any deli i have ever seen in a grocery store.
The food that they have is not your typical deli food.
The seating is very limited so be ready to stand, or take a walk with your food.
Prices are a little high, but if you enjoy food as much as i do, it's money well spent.
What stole the show though was the food, it was stellar!
Will definitely be back not just for cooked foods, but deli meats, cheeses, coffee, etc.
I found some cute little food items to bring home with me, including tiny nutella and hockey shaped pasta!
Anyways, i came by here with my husband on thursday to buy some fruit (go fiber!).
Overall, great quality fruits and vegetables like the quality i find back at home in los angeles.
The variety of quality fresh seafoods and meats is by far the bes tin pittsburgh.
If you nede some great seafood this is the place.
It dwarfs every other whole foods i have been in.
So shiny, i felt like i was in "2012: a whole foods odyssey".
There is of course the awesome salad bar, hot bar, deli section, sushi, baked goods, sandwiches and coffee.
I'm not sure if i will do all my grocery shopping at whole foods but i do love going there.
This is not a fast food place.
Nicest owner of all the seafood markets in a charlotte.
The fish was very fresh and delicious!
Their processed foods, i.e.
Frozen food and packaged dry food, tends to be a little more expensive then other places.
However, in return you are receiving "healthier" processed food?
This is the go to place for fresh seafood.
The prepared food...oh my stars, best fish sandwiches in town.
Community natural foods is full of awesome and where i pick up the "essential" vegan luxury items and baking supplies.
The food court has variety  selections of food, from bbq ribs to ramen soup (yes, ramen).
Veggies, fruits, meats, poultry.. all fairly priced.
Very cheap, especially when it comes to vegetables and fruits.
Plus, it's waaaay cheaper than whole foods!!
Wholey's offers a fantastic seafood selection with a wonderful, knowledgeable staff to match.
Typical whole foods- clean, great food to go, healthy choices.
I go to whole foods daily.
Delicious home cooked style meal.
Typically i can tolerate spicy food.
Fabulous cod sandwich and amazing seafood shopping.
Prior to nyc having any whole foods location i was obsessed with any location i happened upon.
Tanya in the deli is such a sweet lady.
When i need to go to a health food store, this one is my first choice.
This is my 'go to' health food store.
If you wanna find all things asian (and food from other countries like the middle east and hawaii) come here.
And i always check mark down items like breads, fruits and veges.
Tj's offers ready made deli items such as sandwiches, hand rolls and carry outs for the person on the go!
Wonderful place for delicious seafood, whether onsite or to go!
Aside from the prepared foods, it's your typical seafood market and grocery store with pretty reasonable prices.
We're usually only in town a few days, though, so we don't typically buy anything aside from the prepared foods.
Butcher block has great fresh seafood and awesome choice beef!
The names of the food labels are whimsical - funny!
The food is amazing.
That's how i would explain the sister's food.
Food is ready on my way there.
Its just regular food, but stuff i can't be bothered to make on my own.
Now for the food this place is super!
The butter used here is so delicious as well as the maple syrup.
The food on the shelf is neat and tidy.
The freshness and quality of food is good.
Great bakery, deli and hot food bar!
Excellent service and best deli and produce...glad they are here for my grocery needs!
Vegetables are fresh except on few days.
They have lot of varities in snacks,bread,cakes,seafood,chicken.
They have great desserts, deli meat/cheeses, cheap fruits and vegetables, exotic produce sometimes.
Carries everything from seafood, produce, spices, and snacks.
Everything tasted great and the salsa selection was delicious.
Fruiticana is an indian grocery store in the n.e.
If you're looking for any type of indian ingredient, produce or kitchen utensil, fruiticana will have it.
We have several stores in the area that specialize in produce (vegetables).
One caveat:  the seafood is fresher and better at 99 ranch on 44th st. in phoenix.
The croissant was buttery and flaky, and the cookie was soft and delicious.
Fresh food looks appetizing.
The service is so wonderful and the food reminds me of back home in arkansas.
Their deli section is extensive.
The vegetables and fruits are really fresh and high quality.
I have visited many whole foods around the country.
Fantastic deli too, delicious fish sandwiches and some of the best chicken salad i've had yet!
The fruits and veggies were fully stocked (again a first for me at 1am) and everything seemed in its place.
Authentic, best laotian food.
Best italian food around!
Wasabi wow snack mix the pre-made indian food in vacuum packages (jaipur vegetables and the dals are great!)
F all that poor man's whole food shit ya might have heard.
This is a wow moment delivered by this very nice sprouts employee.
The fresh food selection is outstanding.
They are a full service grocery store with seafood and meat counter.
Cozy place, amazing food with a twist of venezuelan flavours.
It also has a sizeable seafood section, unlike oriental market on mcknight.
Their wide variety of food makes cooking much more entertaining.
Food court was standard and lines seemed to be well managed.
This store is huge and has food items from around the world, it's an international supermarket.
Every aisle is labeled with the country that the food items originate from.
They also have a very good seafood selection.
And of course, their food selection is wonderful.
I really recommend this place to anyone that wants real mexican food
Although there is a large menu filled with great food, my favorite is this salmon salad.
Very delicious and reasonably priced!
They have a huge deli with lots of grab and go foods which looked and tasted great.
The selection is much better than the grocery stores and fruit stand in the neighbourhood.
They have nice agar jelly cups (coffee/chocolate/plain flavor) and a basic selection of asian food products.
The food may seem pricey but the quality and freshness is there to justify it.
The family could not have been more welcoming & their food was absolutely delicious.
They constantly checked in with my boyfriend and i in regards to how the food tasted.
Their everyday frozen food prices are usually cheaper than costco so that's a plus.
Many of the prepared foods are perfectly acceptable and tasty.
And it is still much too "easy" to spend way too much on delicious bad for me and planet foods.
The seafood center is the best seafood store ever!
Smile emoticon if you love seafood, check it out.
It's our favorite place for seafood!
But if you've comparison shopped whole foods against earth fare versus healthy home market, you'd realize you can save money.
I'm here as much for myself as to take a friend with extensive food allergies shopping.
What i most appreciate about whole foods is the service.
Depending on the week and the mood, it's either union-busting, food poisoning, or enslavement by army of robots.
It sells all food related items, pooja related items and some indian utensils and a little more non-food small items.
The packed food is fresh and you get almost everything you need.
Away from home, you don't miss the food at least.
I love a good cup of espresso, and café de' mercanti absolutely delivers.
Variety of ethnicities-- i went home with jamaican, mexican, indian, arab, thai, and chinese foods/products in my bags!
It's the best laos food in vegas we will definitely be back.
Prices seems similar to trader joe's or the 365 brand at whole foods.
Service is quick, and the food is delicious.
Like other reviews, the seafood section really is something to marvel at.
Wide isles, salad bar, sushi bar, starbucks, deli.
We both like your horrible looking but tasty green plant food juice, yum.
Always nice in the summer to pass by and check our the fresh fruits and veggies available.
Whole foods quality with trader joes prices, this place is amazing for gluten free, antibiotic free, hormone free, organic food.
Not as many items as whole foods but it gets the job done.
I really enjoy the food.
We've been a few times because the food is consistently good.
We've never been when it was busy but getting our drinks and food takes quite a long time.
Because it is a great value, made fresh daily and better than going to the fast food restaurant.
The deli manager (mary) also gets involved, we chat and i give her my impression of the events.
Just wanted to ensure that the small business owner that runs this part of the deli dept.
Also, you are already making the fresh food, so...........hum!!!!!!
Normally when it comes to food, i will not buy any other store name brand.
Nice fresh fruits and vegetables.
Wife and family love whole foods.
I love the hot foods here.
I'm basing my review off their hot food counter/lunch options.
Hot food counter - a little pricey, but worth it.
I would recommend the hot/cold food counter if you don't mind paying a little more for something healthy.
Cold food counter - has the usual pasta, potato salads, quinoa etc.
That being said, if you consider your options in the area, that's a pretty standard price for quality, hot food.
I like to shop here for my organic vegetables and fruit.
They also have a lot of prepared food.
Their store brand salsas are delicious with their lime flavored chips.
The seafood is extremely fresh as well, with a selection that will blow you away.
Her food is so perfectly cooked and flavorful.
Beaucoup de fruits et légumes disponibles.
The food reminds me of my childhood eating with my parents.
Sister's definetley has to be one of the best places to get great tasting authentic lao food.
It is always clean, friendly employees, and fresh foods.
It's like a large semi-superstore with a target and whole foods vibe or kinda of a mini-mall.
They had various food options like a ruby cookie stand, starbucks and small food court seating section.
The exotic food section has more variety than any other super c i've visited.
I pick up indian groceries from all the time, they offer reasonable prices and have fresh indian vegetables daily.
You can essentially find almost anything indian food related here.
They also had delicious sugar free milk chocolate!
Seafood is a bit pricey but it's good.
The prices can be a little deceptive, you can find actually similar items for the same price at whole foods.
Sweetberry is the place to go to grab your fresh produce, deli meats, or even lunch!
They have heaps of fresh local fruits and veggies and even some more exotic options.
Good: the fried chicken, the donuts, the deli and bake shop staff.
I've never seen people be so careless at a grocery store while bagging food.
My heavy stuff is on top, fruits are getting bruised.
Getting home with crushed food and bruised foods is incredibly frustrating after spending $$ there.
You want authentic lao food this is the place to send your family and friends.
Great grocery store for organic food options.
They also have a delicious variety of hot/cold food options that you can.
The new, if she is 'new',  she introduced herself as new, deli cook is amazing.
This includes delicious (nadia gave me a sample to try) thick lebanese style pita.
There were lots of snack foods like chips and crackers.
Among the common foods like field roast products, there are hidden gems from locals like vital vegan.
Their peanut noodle salad was mind blowing-ly delicious!
Potatoes, watermelons, tomatoes, lettuce, bird food, toberlone chocolate, tooth paste, etc!
The food is always reasonably priced, fresh and well stocked.
I haven't tried it yet, but it was inexpensive and sounded delicious.
Recently had a delicious lunch here!
It was delicious and weird tasting at the same time.
I work nearby and come to this food lion all the time!
From the deli i got their parmesan bowtie salad and from the bakery i got three donuts.
Parmesan bowtie salad: delicious, not oily, and the broccoli was crisp and fresh.
Will definitely make this my go to place for seafood.
Great for quick run to get get fruits or veggies - tofu is a great price too!
Small little jamaican food store in kensington.
The store is clean, well organized, and full of fresh food.
I didn't see any wilting produce or food that just shouldn't be on display.
Thank you sweet potato for selling chocolate milk more delicious than the most delicious chocolate ice cream.
-decent prices, cheaper than whole foods.
Whole foods' products are all top quality, and that means forking over a few extra dollars.
The coconut creme pie was $4 which is a bit pricey but it's delivered ...it's not made there.
You order your food, then wait while they prepare it.
If you are new to this place, good luck finding everything before you food gets cold.
Discovered the most delicious vegan carrot cake here at their cafe!
Jesus, if you like authentic thai food plz do your mouth a favor and stop by.
Bottom line, the food is excellent and the price cannot be beat.
They have great selection of foods and produce.
I love their selection of mixed nuts and dried fruits.
The deli counter is huge with lots of delicious options ready to go for lunch or a quick bite.
I spoke with steve in the seafood department.
Their produce is fresh and delicious, although over priced a bit if the item is not on sale.
Their to go pre- made dinner and delicious and a steal at $5.99 a piece !
Just the idea of nuts fruits and veggies as the crux of our food is an amazing concept.
This is my go to store for my foods!
Service was fast and they brought water and food to our table.
So more than food court but well worth it.
Lot of variety booths for foods, fresh fruits & veggies, vintage collectibles etc... fun to explore.
Also their kosher deli is great too!
Their salads there in kosher deli fresh w smoked nova's & whitefish.
Pannettone to torrone calamari to other delicacies galore!
Also their kosher deli is great too!
Their salads there in kosher deli fresh w smoked nova's & whitefish.
Pannettone to torrone calamari to other delicacies galore!
This is my absolute goto thai/lao food in las.
Their papaya salad is so delicious and it comes with grab, awesome!
Fresh produce, live crabs and eels, and other items you would see on "bizarre foods" tv show.
No problems with any of the prepared foods that i have tried.
Well it was, we ordered phad thai, nom kao, beef mint, all was super delicious.
I was blown away and thought of how food brings everyone together.
Old review: i'm so disappointed, this was the place to go for lao food.
Another lady with very short hair cooked our food today and it was so bland and oily.
But she needs to cook the food.
Her food was great and the reason i kept coming back.
Daily deli - they have a great deli to make sandwiches, soups and etc out of great ingredients.
Drinks, vitamins, waters, frozen foods, hard to find ingredients.
This place is a wonderland of food porn.
They also have a built in bakery, bubble tea and take-out food area so it's like a mini flushing mall!
However, i had heard great things about the decor and food.
The food was simply good old fashioned, country, comfort food in every way.
Everything was excellent in preparation and delivery.
Got us drinks fast, food fast and check fast.
You get so much food for so little.
Great prices, fresh produce, great prices on organic products, delicious prepared foods, great deals on wine ( 3 for $12!)
Nothing stood out or amazed me like the other health food stores i have been to in charlotte.
Any how, i did find some exotic fruit there, and some exotic vegetables!
Its is a foodie's delight.
They also carry boar's head deli products.
Being from new england, i am picky about my seafood.
The humble, friendly, food-loving atmosphere at stamoolis brothers makes me happy; it's just so pittsburgh.
I didn't think this quality of seafood could be found here.
I lived on the east coast and have gotten used to fresh seafood.
We ordered a couple of sandwiches and some seafood for later.
Now, while this is a seafood store it does not have an over powering smell as such.
The seafood items are labeled with type and where it was harvested.
And i am totally addicted to those weird colored tortilla chips that are apparently made from vegetables.
Pestacio is a dried fruit and nut shop that is slightly more upscale than what i am used to.
Once i got home and reheated my food i nestled up on the couch to eat and watch judge judy.
I was not prepared for how delicious my food was going to be!
Today i got the beef jerky and they were also delish.
You want vegetables not available or found at frys or safeway- explore your cultural market off the beaten path.
Friendly staff, not too expensive and great selections for you stay at home chefs and foodies!
Vous souhaitez vous procurer des fruits secs, des noix, du miel, des produits issus de l'érable, des fleurs.
The food is delicious, fresh, tasty.
Especially compared to whole foods prices.
They have more of a selection and everything has been delicious.
I like the value i get for food that is corn-syrup free and persevered free!
The market grille is a full restaurant with delicious food.
Then there's the quicker pizza/chinese/deli food too.
Grocery shopping is easy and the food is great quality.
Oh yeah and always great local foods and items.
Purchase postage stamps purchase money orders  purchase lottery tickets make copies - 15 cents they except food stamps.
They sell food here and have every department that other targets have.
Great supermarket...has most foods that you need from around the world at really good prices
Also, their ethnic and international food selection is extensive.
I'm not big on asian food but the tofu and veggies were worth coming here alone.
Amazing delicious and juicy was the turkey....
I have also been to the deli to pick up bacon!
Wines and beer will be 25% off and all other retail, cheeses and prepared food items will be 50% off.
I'll update once we've tried the food and see where things actually sit once we taste everything.
They have a deli that makes to order sandwiches!
Wonderful place to relax and enjoy supreme quality food.
Friendly staff, clean, great deli, parking is a breeze, and not that busy.
Great food and variety.
Has a huge section devoted to kosher food.
They have a large produce section and this location also has a deli.
Do not forget to bring your food lion card for extra savings.
Wide selection of salads, fruits and veggies, and keep me well fed for reasonable prices during the week.
They carry a large amount of kosher food items.
The food, service, and ambiance are always great.
The food is really good.
I like that i can find organic options and also a wide variety of various foodstuffs.
But it does come close with their offering a fairly decent number of grocery items, including produce and frozen foods.
Love shopping here; always enjoy wonderful bakery smells and buying delicious breads and pastries!
Live this place for fun food, wine, cheese and cool snacks.
Great prices on bulk food and essentials.
It's right around the corner from home, pretty clean and most importantly, its not food lion...
Have no problem recommending people to try this natural grocery store out for quality food and prices.
A comprehensive desi grocery shop with well stocked vegetable and produce section.
The deli is great fresh quality meat.
I love getting the ethnic food.
It really made the pre-christmas food shopping at the end of a long work day a delight.
Everything on the menu is delicious.
I still miss whole foods sometimes, but community is pretty good these days.
Has all my needs banking, starbucks, pharmacy and food can't ask for anything more.
Multitude of produce & bulk foods  2.
Deli + baked goods + cheese station   5.
I love their seasonal food products, such as their hot cocoa o's cereal.
The fruits and vegetables are always really nice and last quite a bit longer than other stores in the area.
I love the large food and drink area that they have when you walk in.
I even saw them getting fresh produce delivered as we were enjoying lunch.
Side not, slofood madison holds monthly market tours featuring ethnic eats...
Pleasant atmosphere overall, good food for reasonable prices, and amazing staff!
I'm so glad i didn't leave because the breakfast was delicious!!
Tip, come at 828pm est on a sunday where you'll find a sea of people waiting for 50% hot food!
Super nice staff and amazing food.
And the meat/seafood counters always look amazing.
Both times i've been able to get out under $10 and have plenty of food.
Pretty great happy medium between trader joe's and whole foods.
There's a greater variety than at most groceries, and the quality of foods i have tasted was extremely high.
By far, one of the newest, cleanest, and most well-designed health food grocery stores.
Really dig the fresh food island as well, i may actually start eating there instead of just shopping.
I'm from california and used to buy all my asian foods downtown la.
Not only was i able to fine asian but also jamaican, trinidad and tobago foods, so i was much impressed.
Plenty of junk food.
Good selection of healthy foods.
Food samplings are a plus!
I come here almost every weekend to get fresh tofu, herbs and/or vegetables.
However, i think i will do the bulk of my asian food shopping at lee lee's from now on.
You're not going to find $10 for $10 specials on canned soup or tuna or frozen foods.
Produce - surprisingly  you can find fruits and veggies for a "decent" price here.
For fruits and veggies that are in season - the size and quality cannot be beat.
Large fuji, red delicious, granny smith apples that are the perfect shape and color.
I always try to order something hot and fresh over the counter, and stay away from the stored foods.
Everyone is super nice and their frozen foods are delicious.
I wish they had more vegetable choices available.
We picked up everything from fruit and veggies, prepared food from gave deli, bread and condiments, chips and water.
They had a good enough variety of food and brands.
The prepared food from the deli tasted very good and the prices were excellent.
It is modestly decorated which is fine because frankly the focus should be on the seafood anyway!
I'm also appreciative that the owners are pursuing sustainable seafood and not just importing the cheap stuff.
Service was great and my chicken fried steak was so friggin delicious!
I like that they have halal food .. and appreciate that...
Just wish they had more korean food and fresh/frozen meat or fish.
2) full service deli, seafood and meat counter as i'm accustomed to including meal deals.
Prior to our return trip we needed food supplies and found this store to be wonderful.
The freshest seafood in the city .
The part i like best is the hot foods prepared outside on a grill right in front of you .
Good food& delicious same as thai style especailly papaya salad.i am recommend you come to try
Great selection of south indian food and ingredients, especially the seafood.
The peaches, strawberries and blackberries are locally grown and delicious.
The trader joe's experience  i am usually happy with their selection of fresh fruit, especially their pre-cut options.
I love many of their deli items, cheeses and fresh juices.
I have to admit i was tempted by a few different stalls in the food court.
), as well another stall that advertised "donairs and wraps- with latin food on the side!".
It took me right back to seaside dining along the turkish coast- delish!
I went right to the deli-type counter and was served almost immediately.
I had the mango green tea with tapioca and it was delicious and very inexpensive!
I love their selection of cheeses and interesting foods.
They have a great selection of healthy food.
Though i'm used to different ethnicities and backgrounds of culinary delight.
My son and i like to go a few times a month to pick out new foods to try.
I have gotten my 8 year old to try new foods and he has really liked several of them.
Unfortunate, now i don't know where to get the delicious sour cherries in syrup i love with greek yogurt.
It's usually the ralphs or vons that has a good selection or meats and seafood.
Lots of good prices on health food and other good foods that you don't find at other grocery stores.
Luckily my group of girls were all down to eat some good old traditional taiwanese food.
This place had made me a fan of taiwanese food.
Not only was the food good but the meal was dirt cheap.
Absolute steal for the amount of food we ordered.
Now i must venture out and find places in sf that serves taiwanese food.
Growing up in a restaurant my uncles would go pick up fresh seafood from wholey's.
They have food of all ethnicities, from mexican to thai to korean, i mean, it's overwhelming.
Check out their produce section for some really neat exotic fruits and veggies.
Their food is fresh in the deli/bakery areas.
They just need to clean the sea food tanks more often but other then that a great place to shop!
Interesting fruits, vegetables, and prices on staples that you'll pay 2 or 3x more for at other local chains.
As you exit the produce department, you'll see live seafood.
Moving down the aisle, frozen prepared foods on the left, alcohol on the right.
This location is clean, well stocked, has efficient service and the fruits and veggies are always fresh.
I recently shopped at this albertsons location and really like the remodeling and new look inside.
My friend calls this place 'whole paycheck" instead of whole foods - it's pretty true!
Kept our glasses full of soda and the food was great and hot!
While mostly expensive, i have found that their store-brand 365 foods are somewhat more reasonable and actually quite good.
Their packaged soups, while pricier than campbell's, are delicious and have some great varieties.
A girlfriend and me went to a vegetarian class and the teachers and food were great.
Our favourite is the wildly addictive passion fruit with avocado.
This market has all the exotic and fine ingredients to make a delicious meal.
They had fresh squash blossoms which i cant even find at whole foods.
And they also have an area of hot cooked food to go.
The to go food area was packed with workers and families so i know it cant be bad.
I love this type of of deli grocery with prepared foods concept.
My order was delivered by the friendly counter chap no more than 10 minutes later.
Seafood center will be on my tops list for everything fishy.
Deli counter staff are fast, friendly, and efficient.
I usually am sure to eat at one of the 16 or so places that serve food.
Almost become my first choice of shopping as it have a lots of asian food.
The store is always clean and the prices are way better then whole foods.
The deli is my favorite area.
Good food, great prices and wholesome atmosphere.
This location also offers a full deli, prepared foods section, eat in cafe area, bakery, liquor store, and florist.
Recently tried safeway's delivery service, and was impressed!
Now they dont have everything available for delivery, but still a good selection.
After setting up an online account, i was on my way to ordering the food.
Ordered items, it showed my savings right there, picked a delivery time.
Delivery times run almost all day, in one hour increments.
Food was delivered on time & cold.
I highly reccommend checking out traderjoesfan.com and reading the reviews of the food.
I love both their hot and cold food, and they have a small but thoughtful wine selection as well.
They have special food products that you would only expect to find in a deli.
Even hot cooked food on those days when you just do not have the time to cook.
Fresh fruit and vegetables,as well as meat and seafood.
I've gotten dinner for myself a few times at d'licious dishes and each time the food has been superb.
You can see the love that goes into the food.
For those unfamiliar with the area, the restaurant is inside a university of calgary building, situated in a food court.
And the great deli.
Meat/seafood variety ok. give them a try.
The owner offered me a complimentary cappuchino which was smooth and delicious.
Can't praise this place enough for their hospitality,  customer service and their delicious authentic food.
I enjoyed my first visit to the charlotte whole foods market.
The quality of produce, meats & fish is very high, but prices are not as high as in whole foods.
I can get all kinds of asian vegetables you can't get in american grocery stores and at incredibly reasonable prices.
Each shopping trip feels like a trip through the united nation of food.
Papaya are thee best with thai egg plants, and the beef jerky with sticky rice is delicious
Their deli sandwiches are delicious, and their produce prices are phenomenal.
Fresh, simple and delicious!
The prices are reasonable, the fruits and vegetables are fresh.
Have consistently used carolina meat & fish for seafood holiday orders.
Seafood is always prepared and nicely packaged on the pickup date and promptly ready for payment upon arrival.
Seafood is always fresh and tasty.
In general the deli is one of the best in a city where there are few good delis.
Additionally, they have their fresh fish on ice so it no longer smells like a dead seafood market.
Don't skip their bakery or their fresh food for purchase in the front!
Such a pleasant treat after usually shopping at food for less.
Although it's a small location, i really love their selection of frozen foods, treats and produce.
The white cake with the fresh strawberries and creme filling was especially delicious.
Coffee shop, deli, grocery store, clothing, toys.
The kitchen is right behind the bar area so the food comes out fresh right to you.
There was a man delivering pamphlets or what may have been newspapers.
It is pretty much a agglomeration of foods from different cultures and regions from around the world.
Beyond that there is a delicious restaurant saigon pho that you can enter through the store.
Delicious fresh, local seafood totally worth the price!
We rarely ate seafood at home before they opened up.
This is a great place to find diverse foods and see different things.
If you like normal american chinese food then you won't like this :)
Great meat, seafood, flowers.
I also enjoy the food and coffee samples; looking at the fresh flowers; and discovering new items.
Incredible selection of asian, indian, and world foods including an incredible vegetable department.
Anytime i want authentic lao food , i always come here because i know i won't be dissatisfied.
However you spell it - it's delish!
This whole foods is gigantic compared to the ones i'm used to in dc!
Why go to whole foods instead of earth fare or trader joes some people may ask?
I'll be back though, cause kale salads are like crack, delicious and slimming.
Nice selection of vegan foods and love their wine bar!
The waitress was quick to let us know that we were ordering too much food.
The seafood platter had shrimp, mussels, imitation crab, and squid.
We also decided to venture into their cooked foods like the stinky tofu.
I love to buy food here because it's easy for a single person.
The sweet potato is a small grocery store, not a health food store.
The prices here are very reasonable for organic and natural food.
Prepared foods are sold by weight.
If the chicken was a little bit warmer it would have been perfect but even still it was delicious.
After all, it's a web 2.0 food world.
Great place if you want fresh fruit and vegetables at a reasonable price.
They've always been well stocked with produce and food each time i've gone.
Good candy selection if that is your thing + a good looking deli.
I would definitely recommend coming here even if you need meats and vegetables - cheap!
An excellent place for a nursing student like myself to unwind for comfort food after a hard exam!
If you are looking for some authentic foods, this store is a must..
The ice on the seafood is fresh.
But the cheese and vegetable selections are not as good as whole foods.
I had a good time at the deli, the ladies were all nice and it was very organized.
Was barely at the deli 10 mins, she offered samples!
Whole foods has some serious competition.
All the food was super fresh and looked great.
I've had the food at the hot counter and everything i had was delicious.
Food court: bakery -  boba drinks are so good.
Great options to work with and bright and spacious food area seating.
Lots of seafood options and they can cook your fish to order.
Good selection of prepared food items such as beef, pork, chicken and desserts.
I shop here all the time every since i watched "food inc" and started eating heathier.
The food is great, always fresh and hot!
I went there because their selection/price on frozen fruits is better than the grocery stores.
I would say the store is a cross between a whole foods/earth fare and a heinen's supermarket.
This is a great place with great food and great service they always have good coffee with unlimited refills.
Nice employees, great selection of food.
My wife and i are originally from alabama and so we know our southern food.
My wife ordered the bbq  pork tips and she thought they were delicious as well.
I think the remodeling will be good for the overall attitude of the store.
Cheap, super fresh, and delicious sushi - and andy is a really fun guy too.
Always have great produce, i have never found one fruit fly or smushed piece of fruit.
I really enjoy the food here.
In addition to food, they also have a pool area, pet section, beauty area, toy section, etc.
They have a couple fast food options, gourmet boxed meals, frozen entrees/sides sold by the pound, etc.
I shop local farmers markets, fresh and easy and whole foods but the bulk of my items come from f&e.
Because we only buy organic items the vegetables alone would cost 3x from wf.
I find the prices to be comparable to whole foods, and in many cases feast's prices are better.
The inviting atmosphere of this upscale deli feels more like visiting someone's home kitchen.
The bulk foods area is well stocked and light up with reasonable priced goods.
The counter was stocked with delicious meals spread across 10 yards.
Two can easily split the meal and have plenty of food.
I love knowing that the food i'm buying here is local and drug and hormone free.
The owner shows great pride in their food and it shows.
Will be back to try other foods here.
Come during lunch time and youll be able to sample many foods.
The freshest, most delicious mahi i've ever cooked at home!
Delicious thai and lao food!
Better selection of healthier food.
My favorite seafood place!
Both for buying seafood to cook at home and for a delicious hot lunch of so many choices.
Best seafood place ever!
If you love seafood, you will love the seafood center.
There's even a natural foods section with healthy, organic, and vegan options.
Omg this place is the best hole in the wall restaurant for thai/laos food!
The variety of food in this tiny market amazes me.
This reminds me of going over to my friends house and having home made food.
For instance when l need a jackfruit l find it there, fresh, in brine or in water.
Love the food there, super fresh and great quality.
Reasonably priced and quite honestly the food is the only saving grace of visiting this giant eagle.
It's a bulk food store - not your average bulk place but one with some fine food!
The store stocks chinese, malaysian, korean, japanese, west indian and other foods.
Here are recommendations for food to try from lee lee's.
This market and deli (and u-haul rental shop) is an unexpected delight.
I had a delicious falafel sandwich with tasty, fresh hummus and tzatziki - wonderful!
The coffees and nuts are very aromatic, and their selection of organic foods/groceries and wines is pretty good.
I won't buy seafood anywhere else!
The variety of prepared food, fresh/live seafood, etc.
The selection of different ethnic foods is amazing with quite reasonable prices.
They also have a hot food take away area and i tried the hot and sour soup.
Their salad section is great and their sandwiches are delicious!
Everything for vegetables and fruits to cans, bread to fresh prepared food and meats.
30+ aisles of food from around the world along with the freshest and most complete produce selection you can find.
The seafood looked very fresh as a lot of it was still swimming around in the tanks.
I would give foody five stars, but i feel strange giving five stars to a grocery store.
Foody mart is a bright, gleaming, wonderful grocery with everything you may want.
We stop at foody every time.
Good sales, lots of japanese food, good warm takeaways, excellent red-bean-filled glutenous rice balls (love) and nice produce.
I wish foody came downtown.
The thing that i have noticed is they always kept the good price on food and the environment super clean!
Trader joe's sell a lot of wonderful organic fruits & vegetables, as well as flowers.
Whole foods is my security blanket.
Everyone know what whole foods is about.
Everything i need for an improptu carne asada party - carne, pollo, tortillas and delicious guacamole!
The meat and deli are excellent (warning: this one doesn't have the salads some if the others do.
!the ribs were delicious,chicken was incredible,don't get me started on,dailyfresh made,mac cheese!
I opted for some of the fresh squash and zucchini, and it was absolutely delicious!
Butter waffle cookies, cookie butter & the chocolate wafers were delicious and great to give as gifts.
The soup is so flavorful and creamy and is the perfect comfort food on a cold day.
I nearly always find bread, meat and some pre-made foods for half off.
I get out of there with really delicious meals for under $1/serving just about every time.
Can you tell i like good, cheap food?
Employees are nice, food is fresh and reliable.
Best place to come 3-4am in the morning, starving grab-n-go some delicious tuna sandwich and jalapeno chips!!
For the first time ever, i approached the deli counter & there was no crowd gathered.
Hands down the best mexican food in the city.
It may feel weird to order food in a grocery store, but the food is worth it!
They offer a large selection of food, from organic and gourmet to regular every-day brands.
The deli meats stay fresh for a long time and i've never come across anything that has been expired.
The prepared foods section was chock full of delicious choices.
Frozen foods had a great selection of unfamiliar new brands to try.
Try a duck...they are delicious, try the pastries...they are so tasty!
Cheerful employees, and some good food at a fair price point.
Like why is popcorn near the toys and candy and not in with the junk food?
I've noticed that the dairy and produce are always fresh, plus they have a bakery and deli in the store.
Fairly large variety of asian foods with particular emphasis on southeast asia and the philippines.
The deli is fantastic and the fresh produce can't be beat!
Both were delicious but probably wouldn't return here.
Lol they have a great selection of middle eastern specialty food & lots of items from europe also!
I think its because the offerings of so many delicious choices, the concha, puerquito, cherno, elote y mas!
We picked up a cake for desert, too, and it was moist and delicious!
For an impressive shopping experience, whole foods wines and dines each consumer who walks through their shiny doors.
Seems everyone was thrilled for this new mecca of everything delicious!
Besides produce,  they sell all sorts of asian packaged foods and goods.
They offer hot/cold beverages, fruit loaves, cookies, squares, buns, muffins and of course subs.
Because i'm on a student budget i like to stay creative with my food but health at the same time.
In general, items at bi-lo are less expensive compared to places like ht, food lion.
However if you're into the whole, organic food diet, then this is not the place for you.
Seafood didn't see much.
The fishy aroma is still slightly there, but not gagging at least when i walk past the seafood case.
I get my fresh vegetables and fruit there.
It reminded me a lot of earth fare or a small whole foods.
They have a great seafood section.. i/e swordfish steaks!!
But catch on is my top choice for seafood.
The bottom line is that catch on has the best bang for the buck seafood in town.
As you make your way to the back of the store there is the largest seafood/butcher section i've ever seen!
And the selection is absolutely exceptional as only the finest, most freshest of meats, poultry and seafood are available.
The name truly says it all...aj's is most definately a purveyor of fine foods!
The seminar that i did attend catered great food for us.
Everything was delicious and filling but not full.
You walk out of whole foods with a cart full of grub....  you spend upwards of $200.
They arrived 5 min prior to the scheduled delivery time with everything.
We had beef tenderloin (cooked perfectly-and very good), roasted garlic red potatoes (absolutely delicious!
There was more than enough food and everyone was so pleased with how delicious it all was!
Love their take home pizza.... cannot believe the quality / quantity of food.
I've had spoiled greek yogurt and melon before, but most of the time the food is super fresh.
I like the cereals, coffee, teas, fruits and vegetables here at trader joes because they are high quality.
The price is right and they get so much business so the food is fresh all the time.
Wow, i'm astonish that i have not yet wrote a review for whole food.
And whole foods carries more variety of foods.
And the have those foods bars too, so that's pretty awesome.
I gave it a 4 because their foods, sadly, doesn't taste good.
Such as their pizza really need more seasoning and their foods bar isn't great either.
I also got my mom a delicous salad and got a little coconut "taste-size" dessert.
Next, we moved onto the meat/deli section but not before we stopped at ruby snap cookies for a sample.
I can see returning here though for more ruby snap cookies and a chance to try the featured food spots.
They also have a small selection of what looks to be popular italian grocery foods.
I must say that this made we want to come back again and try some more of bodira's foods.
Butcher shop/seafood selection isn't impressive.
They also offer a salad bar, prepared foods, fresh squeezed juice in house, and many vegan/vegetarian items.
I typically go food shopping once per week, i also only go to one store.
This can also serve as positive reinforcement and help them come food shopping more frequently!
I buy a lot of fruits and veggies and there is a decent variety here.
This place is many times larger than a typical asian store (although it does not sell asian food exclusively).
J pistone's food is amazing and joan is a great hostess.
Huge deli and bakery.
To fully enjoy their foods, their culture eat foods on the spicy "medium" side.
Sabra j in the deli section is the only person since i've been going there had great customer service.
I've lived in the area for awhile, but have been going to albertsons, fresh and easy, and food 4 less.
The cheese selection was the most that i have seen (outside of whole foods).
Great selection of asian and other country foods & ingredients.
I like a salad bar with a lot of great vegetables to choose from.
This one has that i often pick roasted sweet potatoes, roasted beets, roasted cauliflower, and then other typical vegetables.
They also have a lot of to go food to choose from i hear their pizza is really good.
It was delicious something healthy yet hit my sweet tooth.
So fresh and delicious and one of my must-do's in pittsburgh!
If you think fruits and veggies taste bad then you probably don't shop at longo's!
The bakery and cheese/deli bar would make any foodie drool over.
They have a large joe fresh boutique along with a huge cooked food counters - yes plural.
They really have the best fresh fruit and vegetables around.
Consider this, people who shop at fry's are now getting almost as good fruits as us sprouts people.
I was surprised to see so many choices of food in the mini-market.
I love being able to have the option of ethnic food choices such as places like this, and other ethnicities.
It's great that they make the food fresh in front of you.
They are an easy dinner and so delicious!
I started off in the middle aisle: frozen foods!
I usually never really buy frozen food unless theyre taters or the steamable corn from f&e.
Great sandwiches, delicious house-baked pastries, expertly prepared italian-style (not 3rd wave) coffee.
I really like this market because is the middle between excellent food and price.
Not as expensive as whole foods or aj's, but still very good quality in their food.
From the exotic to the everyday, one of the largest seafood sections i have seen in arizona!
The beer sausages they sell here are delicious.
There was every sort of fruit combination imaginable, plus multiple coffee varieties, individually wrapped squares, party packs and more.
The ready to go food is delicious.
Or if you just want to go there for their ready to go food.
Their price is better than any other health food store like "whole foods".
They have fresh produce and a huge seafood section.
They also have many different kinds of fruit including mangos which are humungous!
Good option if you like whole foods but want to save money.
Bbq ribs are awesome and even better when paired with the potato salad from the deli.
Make sure to use the wonderful peanut machine, for delicious peanut butter.
Excellent produce and deli offerings.
Breads are impressive and the deli offers high-quality selections.
I've had some grumpy checkers and bakery staffers, but meat and deli workers are consistently friendly and helpful.
I have been going to yue-wah for over two decades, and it is my go-to spot for all ethnic foods.
Cracker barrel is all good, food, service, gift store but.... those chairs, they are so small and uncomfortable.
Unfortunately, when we arrived around 6 on friday they didn't have much food left.
Always fresh produce and their seafood section rocks!
Lots of lovely fresh food options from sandwiches to salads to house made soup and more.
I opted for a vegan salad from village juicery and it was really delicious.
It's like a traditional italian deli/pasta shop right here in charlotte.
Best fresh seafood  in charlotte.
We are regular customers and i wouldn't think of getting our seafood anywhere else!
But in all seriousness this place is fantastic and the chinese food in the rear is pretty good too.
They have a microwave area that you can warm the food up.
They have an awesome deli.
Pizza is delicious and they are more than generous with the slices.
Deli selection was boarhead brand.
They had a very good bulk foods area as well.
Our family of three has been eating almost entirely veggies, fruits, and home-cooked meals.
They delivered our items to our home for the party, which was so helpful!
It's a reliable, clean store for quick food options.
Vegetable selection is minimal, but they have a super array of pre-made meal options.
Frankly i don't know how they stay in business with that much food to sell.
If you love seafood,  you will love the seafood center.
When my family and i think of seafood, we think the seafood center!
I love the ease of the standing orders, and ability to choose local food.
About the same price as organic grocery stores but free delivery to my doorstep.
I love whole foods.
I love whole foods and am looking forward to returning!
I think the one exception is some fruits and vegtables can be a little expensive for the amount you get.
Food from many different cultures.
I even grabbed it once and it was delicious :) they also have great selection for wine and beer.
You would be surprised but they even have indian frozen food which is really good when you are sick.
Foods from all over the world are in this large supermarket.
I wasn't aware of the checkout etiquette, which wrapped around the deli and well into the back of the store.
Good luck i guess, if you want to go to the deli.
Pros: hot foods are great.
The bakery, meat and seafood departments are on the small side, but everything seems to be fresh.
The best part is that their deli sells boar's head meat and cheeses!
Best whole foods in charlotte!
It supplies everything from food to appliances.
I normally go for cheap but delicious snacks.
I like how they have different types of food for different cultures.
Fruits and vegetables are always fresh.
Catch on offers a new selection of freshly caught seafood every single day.
Every tuesday they offer fish taco kits - swing by for everything you need to prepare delicious fish tacos.
They have a great selection of produce, an awesome salad bar and cheap ready to eat food.
I also love their meat counter and natural food section.
Of course, i looked to see if there were any seafood markets in madison.
They had a wide variety of fresh seafood, which is great.
I am definitely going to come back to try the cooked food here.
Finally a great place to get fresh seafood in my area!
I decided to change it up this year for thanksgiving and we went all seafood!
But if you cherish values such as friendship, joy, enchantment, and poetry, this sprouts will deliver.
It fed 2-3 people and was simply delicious.
Great little hidden mexican food place.
The prices compared to whole foods are fantastic.
No matter how food conscious you are, you just cannot continue to over-charge and keep your customer base.
All were so delicious and fresh, surprising for september in montreal.
I like their vegetable and lobster sushi and their deli meats and cheeses, including the gouda and ham with rosemary.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
Even though the place doesn't look like much, the food more than makes up for it.
I've shopped at winco in california before, and always liked their bulk foods section.
Very fresh and delicious every time i order and dine in.
I'm always wary of whole foods because i always spend too much money.
This trip was no different, but this whole foods is a level above the rest!
We decided on some fruit, meat, cheese and a couple bottles of wine.
Excellent quality, vegetable, meat, deli.
Very nice asian market with a foodcourt.
It's like a mini mall with different stores and restaurants and a food court.
And there is a small fairy who lives in the deli that makes the most magical sandwiches in the country.
Sausages, yes, but rocky's is a small european deli and butcher as well.
It's like a cross between whole foods and sprouts.
Food was fresh and even during lunch, when it was super busy, the food came out fast.
The prices for many items are much better than whole foods, sometimes better than sprouts.
This is a great whole foods in a great area.
Like most whole foods, it is kept extremely clean and extremely fresh.
Really good spot for persian food.
They offer really affordable food (very suitable for students) and they're really good!
The place is a little small but the rotation is fast and it's good to take away food as well.
The store makes fresh and healthy foods easy to shop for, but the prices are higher.
From herbs, to fresh vegetables, to spices, cheese, and chocolates!
Fruits you can try samples and if you like macarons have no fear!
I live near this market and buy foods almost everyday from here.
I'm picky since i worked in the food industry and they passed.
Came out to vegas for a week for work, kept trying different places for middle eastern food.
What's not to love about whole foods?!?!!
It's an amazing place with a lot of  different food options.
Lots of top quality fruits and vegetables to choose from.
On the other side of the grocery store, you're taken to a high quality food court!
All in all, you definitely should make your way to whole foods at some point in your life.
It's a great grocery store and has some great food options.
If you are looking for real mexican food, this is your place.
I love whole foods!
J&p has become the premier shopping destination for anyone who cooks chinese food since its opening in 2013.
Second, j&p carries better quality meat and seafood than both garden or asia midway.
Finally, this place carries unusually large food selection from taiwan (i am totally biased on this).
I consider taiwan's products are of better quality and with more stringent food safety standards.
But lacks of a fresh meat and seafood section  madison oriental market (fish hatchery): se asia oriented.
But the deli in the back is a hidden gem.
Oriental food mart (park): best korean shop.
Updating my review the final time after having chili rellenos;  very good food and very fast service.
Also has quite competitive prices considering the food quality is a good authentic-style.
We really enjoyed the food!
Super clean, beautifully stocked food.
They were the most authentic that i have ever had and just plain delicious.
The tostada was crunchy, fresh, and delicious with peels of cheese and lettuce on top.
The tacos were also delicious and the contrast of the crunchy onions worked well with the tender meats.
We only managed to finish half of our food and took home the other half.
Yummy prepared savory foods too!
The food is amazing and fresh all the time.
I'm having withdrawals now for the food.
Great food, wine & craft beers.
Decent happy hour food & drink specials.
After a long hike nothing is better than good food, friendly waiters and something cold to drink.
Market attached which is great if you want to pick up food fast and go.
The food is always fresh and served as requested.
The staff complete an excellent experience, warm conversation, excellent product knowledge and quality delivery makes an excellent experience!
The bulk items are great and they have a lot of great prices on food.
The farmers market section in the back includes local produce, diary, meat, and seafood.
Great variety of food and the staff is always pleasant.
The grocery store has a surprisingly huge array of meats in its deli.
Their deli section looks and smells fantastic!
Whole foods never fails to be pretty standard throughout.
Otherwise very clean and standard compared to the other whole foods.
From the fresh vegetables, meat and fish markets, to the prepared meals, all of which looked amazing.
This seems to be the only place in los vegas to get healthy, clean food.
I only purchase fish and seafood from trader joe's.
Have to dock you a star for the molasses slow deli department.
A little pricy but for sure you get quality food.
I would also go with a 5 star food and 4 star ambiance and service.
This whole foods is always very clean, and even at its busiest times it doesn't feel crammed.
Whole foods is whole foods, right?
Fantastic health food store / grocery store in dilworth!!
They have fresh flowers, vegetables, breads, meats, really a little bit about everything.
They have great foods and i've  always enjoyed everything i've tried here.
Once the assembly of my food was done i say down at the provided tables and munched away.
Both bagels were delicious, chewy and light.
I go here 3 or 4 times a week to get my all natural healthy foods.
Place to be if you're the type of person whose into healthy and organic food.
I have also been known to order the vegetable torta a time or two.
Try the "el jefe" omelet, great flavors and not too much food either...goldilocks would be pleased!
They offer an array of different things such as fruits, vegetables, meats, fish, cheese, bakery, snack bar, flowers and wines.
Great food and service!!
4stars for consistency, good service and wholesome food.
Not a gourmet restaurant just a great place with great food.
But then again all restaurants have either raised their prices or reduced the food quantity.
You can also pick up some basic french here by learning your fruits and vegetables.
Doesn't that make grapefruit sound so much more interesting?
Licha's mexican market carries a wide variety of mexican foods, including freshly made tamales on weekends.
Don't overlook licha's wonderful deli!
Well something went real wrong with my wife plate she had to send it back, and no more food!
A great selection  of  delicious pastries!
Crepes were absolutely delicious i had the strawberry, banana nutella crepe and it was delicious but!
Both were incredibly delicious and priced perfectly for the quality.
There are many cool places to check out for food, coffee, wine, and dessert.
There is so much quality food to eat!!
I love food, obviously, so i was pretty impressed.
I am a really big fan of their food.
You can tell they make their food with love and quality ingredients.
Even their deli was open late, and you know i needed some chipped ham.
There's also a mini food court.
Omg the best country food ever!!!!!
Very brightly colored, plump looking, juicy and very sweet fruits are widely seen in every lanes in the market.
Keep it awesome, whole foods employees!
I also grab some fresh, delicious sushi once in a while.
This is the best whole foods in the entire las vegas valley.
Their prepared foods section is much larger than all the other stores.
Great selection of just about everything including an extensive liquor section, food court, & unbeatable prices.
This food would taste wonderful no matter where you ate it!!
The food is great cannot be beat served fresh and hot
They also have a kitchen and juice/coffee bar on site where they have a great menu of delicious items.
This is one of the best whole foods i have been too.
The breakfast sandwiches and varied egg dishes are delicious and satisfying.
Over several years we've only had one bad food experience with the friday fish special and it was quickly remedied.
This is nice little store i love to come and purchase dried fruits here they have a nice selection.
Go in and buy dog food for a homeless mans dog.
These are found in the "health food" section.
Yulu is a recent discovery that i made thanks to the digital coupons and is so delicious.
High quality food, fair prices, and friendly staff.
Full of vibrant fruits and vegetables, there's so much to see... and eat!
Don't waste too much stomach space here though, there's so much more amazing food in the market itself!
The food's very good, reasonably priced, and the service is great.
They have good fruit and the food is fresh.
Seafood city is open!
They have plenty of seafood options and cuts of meat to choose from.
Good seafood rarely has a stank.
We stayed for lunch and had mexican food, it was incredible and authentic.
Friendly service, cool interior, and yummy food!
My organic food deliverer wanigan is often out of it now.
And when i went to ambrosia natural foods they were all sold out!
Fabulous food & ambiance!
Mediterranean food, authentic and delicious
The food is great and i love the market.
But aside from that, they also have a wide selection of foods and fresh vegetables.
The food was much better this time.
The people are always super friendly and there is always delicious items in the deli case to try out.
What i found is that they stock just about any major health food brand.
This is the best place for whole food items,bar none!
My favorite place to get food here is the mekong restaurant in the back next to the food court.
The food was okay to really good.
I love the sampling section(s), they usually offer a food tasting as well as a drink tasting.
This is a wonderful market to buy fresh produce, and get delicious eats.
I love how they offer samples for fruit, cheese, cured meats.
They're super nice and make amazing food.
Interesting part is that the grocery store is completely israeli and the restaurant serves halal food.
Now food...excellent beef kabob n kobideh.
Visited the store yesterday and very surprised by the variety of asian foods.
I would say it is a hybrid between whole foods and trader joe's.
Their produce are also decently priced, i would say less than that of whole foods.
Love the wine tasings/fast order food bar!
I always love to try new foods.
I have tried several food items for take out and have been generally happy each time.
Be warned that their foods lean on the heavy and salty side and don't come with much veggies.
It was fresh and delightful.
Absolutely and by far the best persian food in all of las vegas!
Delicious and nutritious, what else do you need moron!?
Aisles and aisles of fresh fruit, flowers, veggies, meats, cheeses, farm fresh goods, and so much more.
I loved that many fruit vendors offered free samples of their items.
If i lived near here i would be there almost every day eating myself into a food coma.
Or have bags and buckets of fruits and veggies occupying every corner of my place.
The deli is by far the highlight.
I can't imagine anyone could eat a full sandwich, except maybe the dude on man vs. food.
But otherwise, i love whole foods!!
This is the nicest whole foods market we have been to.
The produce is fresh and the best looking organic food around.
Lines can be a drag to order food and coffee but well worth the wait!
Nilufar features amazing, friendly staff and a small yet delicious menu of middle eastern foods prepared fresh daily.
This is actual good quality food and i would really recommend it.
Loved going there on my lunch break to grab some food from one of the many restaurants inside.
Always enjoy coming to this restaurant the food is the best mediterranean  food in town .always fresh bread .excellent
They always have a large selection of deli creations and salads.
The pasta salads are delish!!
Candy, chips, dry goods, aspirins and other otc meds, pet food.
It tends to be somewhat bruised or too ripe so i'd rather go elsewhere for my fruit.
The things that could set it apart, like organic foods, produce, fish, or deli mediocre.
No doubt the best whole foods market in the valley.
This one even features indian street food and about a dozen soups scattered in two sections.
Needless to say, the food is great!
This is the best food in montreal.
Grab fruit or sausage or a pastry, you won't be disappointed.
The philly cheese steak was delicious and the homemade oreos were amazing, creamy and rich.
I paid $27 for three bags full of beautiful fruits!
They have the best selection of organic fruits and vegetables and everything is fresh and yummy.
Great food, great service and great people working here.
Also got biscuits and gravy-delish.
Didn't have time to snap pics of food.
If you love food, without question this is the store for you.
If you're looking for obscure veggies, fresh seafood and even dry aged prime steaks, you won't be disappointed.
It's unusual to get so excited about a grocery store but this's whole foods achieves just that.
Came for the food, will return for food+service  give it a try!!
Totally delicious marinated pork with mexican cheese, lettuce , tomato and avocado.
5 star food, 4 star ambiance and service.
I am forever a fan of whole foods and trader joes.
Whole foods and trader joes have their faithful clientele.
Fresh veggies and fruits.
But go for the great food.
See my review of whole foods market in arlington.
Always reliable and delicious.
But it is whole foods, so its still the best supermarket in the world !
It's worth the extra money considering how great their food is for your body and the environment.
Always my favorite place for food.
Their food was good.
I forgot to buy a bread when i was ordering my to go food.
Whole foods stole my heart long ago.
Now, there's the friday wine/beer/food event that has gotten me hooked for another reason!
She directed me to a delicious white wine on sale for $5 or $6!!
Now can cook food and is much better
I got their  black and white cookies and they were so delightful.
The cookie was fluffy like a cake and the chocolate frosting was so delicious.
I'm a huge fan of whole foods and anything about whole foods.
Whole foods has a wonderful selection of tasteful and healthy options for everyone.
It's not worth the money and the food is not as good.
The quality and quantity of these mystifying foods is found in abundance here.
I appreciate their style of cooking and the ingredients that they mix to flavor their delicious food dishes.
Their canned foods are on the higher side but contain no bpa-lined items.
All the fruits and veggies available and the side stores selling seafood, meats, baked goodies, spices, charcuterie, cheeses....
I love whole paycheck, er, i mean foods!
Find lots of cool, unique foods that you can't find anywhere else.
They have these 'bacon chips' by the deli counter, you should ask for a sample.
For great organic foods, whole foods is a great place to purchase these products.
Loaded with almost every need you need to prepare you're meal, whole foods is a friendly and green place.
Otherwise i think whole foods is great market to shop at weekly.
When i don't want to settle for fast food this place has lots of good options.
Often refer others to whole foods for such things.
Not a full time shopper at whole foods.
The food tasted great.
My husband got the pulled pork sandwich which was delicious.
Best whole foods i have been to in arizona.
Great selection on food and meats.
Ahh, i love love love whole foods!
Damn you, whole foods!
The fromagerie was delightful.
We also went to the wine shop outside and one of the many fruit/vegetable vendors.
A healthy supply of everything you'll need to prepare luscious   food.
Fruit/vegetables are definitely sourced by an individual who knows good product, none of this "central warehouse" for grocery "chains", nonsense!
Love the prepared food section here!!
The frozen food section has a few really good finds that you can't get anywhere else.
However, the folks in the deli here were very helpful and accommodating to our requests in this regard.
This is far and away better service than the whole foods in san mateo back in the bay area.
You always have my cheap, easy-to-make foods, and a decent selection of wine.
You would be whole foods.
We particularly enjoyed the coffee; not sure what coffee they use but it's absolutely delicious, especially the capuccinos and mocha's.
Awesome selection of vegetarian foods.
There isn't a deli or bakery but they have a good selection of cheeses anyway.
Samples of fruit, cheese at the stands.
If you get hungry, there are many places to duck into and get a delicious meal or snack.
This is my favorite place to buy food in montreal.
Most of the location i been at are pretty much the same, great atmosphere, great service and food.
The food is good but i love the people and environment!
Their quesadillas are not made with flour tortillas, but more like corn meal dough - fatty and delicious!
This food store is very close to my house and it's clean and well-managed.
They have the best appetizers and prepared food at reasonable prices.
Tj's does not have a deli but they have a great selection of packaged cheeses and meats!
They have a great selection of breads and fruits and vegetables as well.
I also ordered a danish and that was delicious as well.
Stop in next time you need a delicious treat!
Their food quality is really good and fresh.
The bread and everything else about it was delic.
We were given the pita, which i wasnt a fan of and sat there talking and waiting for our food.
Our food arrived and it was hot and looked yummy!
The fries with my wrap thing were seasoned super good and the wrap was also succulent and delish!
My bf said his food was also juicy and yummy!
Pretty standard persian food here, just a little pricey.
I'm so torn on you, whole foods.
Why must you have wonderful,delicious unique foods and products i can't find elsewhere in this desert city ??
The deli is vast and yummy, especially the soups.
The selections are alright, i even found watercress which i couldn't find at seafood city or other non asian markets.
Variety of choices for asian ice creams and prepared food.
Love the different varieties of to go food options as well but they run out quick so get there early!
I typically do weekend brunch or a late lunch and the food has always been good.
Delivery from midland to concord $60.
Delivery was an hour earlier and they did notify me it would be.
Another delivery on 6/8/18 great people to deal with.
Great staff, exceptional food and terrific sales; i am a fan for life.
Their fruit vegetable  section are of best quality.
Edna who works at the seafood section is very nice and friendly.
We had lots of free samples of fruit, vegetables, and cheese.
However, the fruit seemed rotten, which was disappointing.
The poutine was more like "fast food" poutine, and i didn't like it that much, although my friends did.
After lunch, we bought some desserts from a patisserie- a chocolate mousse cup and a fruit tarte.
Overall, a great place to wander, try some free samples, and purchase awesome food of all different types.
My only additional warning is to check the fruit before you buy it!
Thanks so much for staying open late and making my delicious mighty cesar wrap and waffle hash.
The food is really excellent.
Food is great and the staff is friendly.
A huge plus is the fact that they also serve fresh fruit juices!!
Food awesome wine as great as you want it.
The food is good too.
If i were fortunate enough to live in montreal, i'd be here everyday to buy food to make at home.
Besides being a great space, there was a multitude of food options and things to check out.
I got the maple dream crepe from the creperie, and it was delicious!
Although pretty packed, the food was ready quickly.
They have a great bakery, deli and a halfway decent floral selection.
Food lion also has the mvp shopping check in.
A bit of a wait for our food because of a very large party before us.
The things i always get from the deli include capocollo, salami (esp.
Greeted with a friendly associate that made my day with a delicious bevy!
I use to wait tables and that is standard to check back as soon as the food goes out.
Always good food at hillside spot.
Enjoy shopping here for healthy food, it's conveniently located at town square.
They have a good variety: salad bar, hot food and soup section, as well as various drinks and ordering stations.
Food can be purchased packed, prepared fresh, or you can select from bar by weight.
I had a delicious salad on the day of my visit.
Out of all the whole foods stores i've been to in various states, this one by far is my favorite.
It's a huge store, with tons of prepared food options and an awesome salad bar.
Awesome deli sandwiches (fresh made bread, i believe!!
If you're looking for some excellent authentic mexican food, you need to come to this restaurant!
Stop and any of the great food choices...pizza, sushi, cheese, fresh bread, sandwiches, chocolate, juice!
The food was freshly prepared and delicious.
This tiny market and food stop packs a serious punch!
I didn't try any of their food, but it looked tastey.
The staff is very friendly and food is delicious.
Lots of good food for a great value.
The produce department here was being stocked while i shopped and everything was so fresh and delicious.
The fruit selection was great too.
The various varieties of fruit seems to be exclusive to albertsons .
I ended up finding dragon fruit, kiwi, and ready to be cut mangos.
With such a massive produce department the prices of some of the fruits were higher than most stores.
He was right it was delicious with sushi.
So what do i like about the whole foods in town square?
The bento boxes and ready to eat foods all look really appetizing.
I have only been here a couple times but the food and service haven't disappointed!
Great food, friendly service.
Bbq brisket sandwich special was spicy but delicious.
We bought the most amazing produce here- a selection the vendor called "fruit explosion."
If you live in the area or not, support this local business and try their delicious food.
If you're looking for fresh fruit, vegetables, meat, and cheese, this is your place.
This is a small, but well-stocked whole foods!
But this place does not have live seafood.
They are open late and always have a great assortment of fruit, veggies and other staples.
This little hole in the wall has to be my favorite spot for italian food in the city.
There's really not a whole lot to say; it's a whole foods.
Nice wine and cheese selection, decent beer options, and a good variety of prepared foods.
Delicious breakfast, highly recommend the breakfast torta it's got eggs, chorizo, avocado, tomato and eggs, very filling!
Le marché jean-talon est idéal pour les fruits et les légumes .
En plus des fruits et légumes, il y'a des boucheries et poissonneries.
Fresh fish looks great and the usual filipinon junk food.
Fresh fruits and vegetables, butchers, cheese and bread sellers (and more!)
A must see for food lovers (or anyone) visiting montreal!
Awsome price for great food most items under 10$!!!
), and , of course, trying the foods.
Seafood and butcheries were fresh and not all mainstream.
Their food is great!
We tried a bunch of different veggies which all tasted delicious.
Now the best true mediterranean food i have ever had and i'm a huge fan of medi food!
Prices are very inexpensive - crazy considering the quality of the vegetables and fruits.
Good whole foods location overall...
The workers are very nice and attentive, and the food selection is good!
Not the biggest whole foods i've ever been to, though.
The food is always fresh and delicious.
There are certain companies that just "get it" and whole foods is one of those companies.
Got some great products, food and treats!
Home made jerky and a wide veriety of euro foods.
I love the food here and the store as kara mentioned is spic and span!
A place of sensory overload, pretty  colors from fresh fruits, flowers.
I love whole foods coffee!
Be sure to grab a delicious pastry options next to the coffee counter.
Ingredients that you can actually pronounce, a cool frozen food section and beautiful flowers.
A great selection of food, some of the freshest fruit in toronto, and they have alcohol!
I love to shop for vegetables, eggs, meat...etc few a week.
I love day of on sale so i will buy more food.
Delicious baked goods, try the macaroon madness it's so good i got mad!
Also has a wide selection of candy, soup mixes, and snack foods.
Food is packaged in plastic clamshell containers or bags of various sizes.
The store also has a cafe area that has great food, smoothies and thai iced teas, and very fair pricing.
Great places to shop for your foodie friends or anyone that into gourmet cooking!
The bottom line: we are definitely fans of iranian food and zaytoon did not disappoint us.
I kind of thought they'd have it everywhere but it's really just delices de mar.
All the fresh fruits and veggies and meats and cheeses and breads a girl could ever need in one place.
This whole foods is conveniently located in town square and has it's own parking lot.
I can spend forever looking at all the beer and browsing the fresh food stations with my tongue out.
But i liked the food.
Wholefoods has everything you need for breakfast, lunch, dinner.
Parking isn't bad, staff is friendly, and the food is stocked.
I've been at another location and they were literally out of fruit.
I always try to stick with my list but it's hard with so many amazing food choices.
Omfg i thought i died and went to whole foods heaven!!!
It is delicate and absolutely gorgeous.
They use fresh fruits whenever they can.
Nice people, good food, friendly service.
The servers are friendly and the food is delicious.
This place is a great market for organic and healthy foods.
It's a smaller more convenient whole foods.
Pretty much anything you need: deli, produce, meats, booze, cleaning supplies, etc.
Fresh produce, fresh meat, fresh seafood, great wine and beer selection, etc., etc., etc.
Whole foods is jokingly referred to as "whole paycheck".
But you're paying for quality food and excellent customer service.
We stopped by to pick up some breakfasts, fruits, snacks, drinks, and flowers for our vacation.
Trader joe's is quality food sold at cheaper prices that the greedy eagle.
One thing i don't like is how trader joe's is perceived as a heath food store.
The food is delicious and i had an amazing service!
It's a lot like aldi in many ways but with organic healthy foods.
Even though my team did not win, the food and drink here did.
It was surprising and refreshing to find sports bar with really good food!
I appreciate that they try to use locally-grown food.
Their meats and seafood are presented and priced well.
Vegan prepared food is hard to get in calgary, but today this place earned a new customer!
This is the best way to describe whole foods.
Or should i call it "whole in my pocket foods."
Whole foods does have other cool stuff.
Two of us had spinach salads and they were delicious.
Every time we come here we are so amazed at the food and atmosphere!
You know, what can you really complain about with whole foods?..
Their seafood and produce definitely looks better than dave's or zagaras.
Surprisingly good quality food and best chicken ever.
The meat (beef and chicken) is flavorful and served with an ample amount of delicious rice.
Their wood baked bagels are delicious with or without accompaniment.
I ordered the flaco burrito expecting it to satisfy me while being the healthier choice, but it was beyond delicious.
Favorite whole foods outside of union sq nyc.
They have delicious fruit too.
Whole fresh jack fruit, rambutan is delicious hairy fruit that look like strawberry sand cactus mixed together.
The sushi and deli depts.
Are fantastic as is the meat/seafood counter.
Their prepared foods are really good with reasonable prices as well.
Fresh deli items and very friendly owners and employees.
I like this deli and the service and products they sell.
We sat on the back patio until our food came.
Friendly service, tasty food, and breakfast available all day.
The vegetables and fruits are always fresh as well as the meat and they offer organic products.
Frozen fruit for smoothies is cheap, they always have good offers and discounts.
The food here is a bit pricy compared to going to target or even trader joes and albertsons.
The deli girl was frying hot peppers in olive oil.
Cheeses, charcuterie, oils, vegetables, breads, pastas, and canned items.
It's whole foods people.
It's a much more reasonably priced, smaller and more casual whole foods.
It is a small new york style deli with a difficult and overcrowded parking lot!
It is a clean environment and the food is served quickly.
I've been here a few times and the food and service has always been very good!
This review is for the great help i received yesterday from a girl named noel in the deli.
So we went to sprouts to get some snacks and fruit.
The very next day we both ordered the croque madame and it was just as delicious as the day before.
This location has pretty much everything you could ask for - fresh and decent produce, deli counter, butcher, bakery...
The cheese station, deli, etc was well-manned so if you have any questions there is someone to ask.
Great spot for foodies & anyone who appreciates fresh produce.
I am not an expert on middle eastern food but the chicken kabob  i ordered was very good.
My companion ordered the falafel sandwich with shiraxi salad and told me it was delicious.
Great food and personable service, zaytoon got both.
I can get a large, delicious pancake, a side of hash browns, and coffee for under $7.
We had to stop here after seeing a huge sign with a beautiful fruit tart advertising this place.
I ordered the meatloaf and it was so moist and tender and delicious.
We also got the lemon pepper fish which was delicious!!!
By shopping, i mean food, not clothes or shoes!
If you are a foodie, this is a do not miss in montreal!
The food here was yummy.
I personally come here for the seafood, as it's my favorite spot to get fish and shrimp for tacos.
Their tortillas, both the corn and especially flour (estilo sonora), are delicious.
Yes, they turned out to be delicious, and maybe i am totally in the wrong for feeling squeamish.
If you're looking for new foods to try, everything here is all natural, organic, and unlike things you've ever had.
But overall good selection and food (quality)
A little leery of decent food in a storefront location but the quesadilla was really tasty, not doughy at all.
Chinese, japanese, thai, indian foods are found on the shelves.
Don't miss the prepared foods in the deli counter, either.
I've yet to have something that wasn't fantastic, and each single portion isn't a load of food.
Delicious and fresh option in the ahwatukee area.
I got a 1/2 sandwich 1/2 salad and it was delish.
Clean, well organized convenient store and deli, with delicious, made to order oven baked subs.
They only put blueberries for the fruit.
In addition to most household needs, and good prices, the fresh butcher, produce, and deli department are excellent.
Really nice people working in deli this morning.
Cereal, coffee, dog food, drinks, chips/snacks, and dairy) are on the left.
This is what i come here for mainly- the food and/or dog food for my female dog.
This is going to be my new asian food supermarket.
Simple: fresh, organic fruits and veggies at a fair price.
An awesome italian grocery and deli.
There are so many options for food (craft/local) as well as drink and they validate parking.
The mekong palace restaurant has a great variety of dim sum, and lots of fresh seafood.
It's as close as you get to homemade food.
The food and service are amazing!
My falafel was absolutely delicious.
Bulk foods, nuts, coffee, very nice produce as well.
The food is ok.
Food is excellent and taste is consistent.
I love the international food section.
Best lebanese/middle eastern food i have had in vegas.
Everything is cheap, delicious, and vegetarian.
She answered all my questions about the food (i am picky).
I also love the gas and food perks programs.
Giant eagle also has a decent organic food section.
Great options, a lot of fresh fruits.
It was very delicious and filling.
The food was awesome and the prices were cheaper then expected.
Delicious yet cheap subs and deli foods that are maintained with the highest of quality.
You can tell a lot of care and thought has been put into these foods.
Not sure when i began to frequent whole foods as often as i do.
Wednesdays are good days to eat from their prepared food bar.
Super friendly staff, real food and insanely fast service.
There are very delicious with the reasonable prices.
Pro tip: get yourself a sidral mundet apple soda from the grocery side to go with your food.
Try the matzoh ball soup for a true delight.
Come with a bag for fresh fruit and veggies and an empty stomach to munch at the eateries there.
Really cute little farmer's market conglomeration of fresh vegetables, fruits and all sorts of meat and cheese shop.
I sampled lots of fruit - and they were absolutely amazing.
Just like most of the other yelpers yelping whole foods, i have a love hate relationship.
Love the selection, food but not the prices.
I've not figured out what my essentials are yet for whole foods but i'm reluctant.
Nice, clean little place with a wide selection of meats, sausages, pre-made pies, breads, soups, and a deli.
The sausage was really good, amazing, i don't think i have ever had hungarian style sausage but it was delicious.
The bento box is a ton of food and comes out to just over $7.00 with a drink.
Freaking amazing food at this hidden gem.
My favorite part of this location is the prepared foods.
The hot food bar always has a great selection of meats, sides, salads, and salad ingredients.
Near the prepared foods they also have a coffee, smoothies, and gelato.
They also have a restaurant inside with amazing food.
The fruit was fresh and the buying was easy.
J'adore le marché jean talon, je consomme énormément de fruits et légumes, c'est donc l'endroit idéal pour faire mes courses.
I went to pick up dog food on wednesday, august 9 (senior discount day).
Food came in about 10 minutes.
It's a beautiful sight of fresh produce, as well as fresh and high quality seafood and other meats.
I bought a small package of maple diamante/cookies and they are so pure and delicious!
We all thoroughly enjoyed the food and will be back....very soon.... like tomorrow
Produce, meats, seafood, deli, bakery, etc.
For example, the deli cheeses are more than just boar's head selections.
Also, if you are attending any outdoor events around southpark, don't overlook their prepared-foods.
Lots of pretty good picnic-style food ready for purchase and all made in store.
Price-wise, not always the cheapest around, but then who wants that your your fresh foods?
There is also a seating area to enjoy your food at.
All of the restaurant selections are absolutely delicious and fresh!
Their fruits & veggies section is pretty good as well as their bakery.
The food was authentic and flavorful.
Great food great portion and great service.
Between the friendly wait staff to their fantastic pancakes and mexican inspired food, this is a winner.
I absolutely love the vegan options as well as the gmo-free foods (all trader joe's brand is gmo-free).
Amazing food stands everywhere.
My favorites: -oyster bar -fried calamari -smoothies  -trying the fresh fruit :)
The dried fruits and nuts are good and priced affordably.
Deli is great - especially whoever roasts their deli chickens - yum!
This is the only whole foods in vegas that cooks your meat for you and it's always good.
You can actually buy bento boxes or other food items or drinks and sit down to enjoy it.
You come in and order and there's really small staff in the back preparing your food.
Come early and eat the delicious food.
As far as grocery stores go, whole foods is the emporium of epicurean delights.
They use delicious boar's head meat and the three cheese sub roll is on point.
Beautiful outdoor market that has a mind-boggling array of fresh foods, produce, fruits, cheeses....as well as a large food court.
Des légumes et de fruits de qualité partout, avec des prix très attractifs défiants toute concurrence !
Delicieux....  je vous le recommande!!!!
I do the bulk of my grocery shopping here and save whole foods for the harder to find items.
I eat a high protein, starchless pescetarian diet, the bulk of which is made up of vegetables and fruit.
It can be a big challenge to find suitable food in today's supermarkets, but tjs always comes through.
Fresh fruits & vegetables make my heart swoon!
Have a great selection of foods from meats and vegetables.
Lots of ethnic foods at reasonable prices.
My girlfriend likes all the british food they have to offer.
Great vegetables and fruit, good prices.
The bacon and cheese omelet i ordered was great and also had a refreshing selection of fruit to accompany it.
Nicely laid out, accessible location, great selection of food and produce.
As a result, i love anything like whole foods almost unabashedly - green, healthy, community minded, pays a fair wage.
I have also noticed they have live seafood on certain visits, though i've yet to try those.
Fresh market is a chain, but it feels like an independent specialty food market.
The breads and flavored coffees smell delicious, and they have a great selection of premade dishes (salads, entrees, sandwiches, etc.)
Great food, great prices, unique items .
Friendly vendors, wholesome foods, and lots of options for snacks and/or lunch.
I love persian food.
We ate: baba ganoush was fabulous with very fresh pita chicken kabob vegetable kabob  all items above were tasty.
I stop here again and again for a great shopping experience and a delicious snack!
The food was amazing, delicious and looked beautiful.
This is one of the better whole foods i have been in!
And their deli is great.
Fresh fruit and vegetables with reasonable prices and friendly people!
Little expensive but by far the best place beside farmers market to buy fresh organic food.
The food is the best persian food in vegas and tastes the most authentic.
My family grew up in shiraz and know the richness and flavor good persian food has.
The food is fairly priced.
The fruits and veggies are cheap.
The food is really good, big portion size
Excellent food and very inexpensive.
This is a great little italian grocery store...  not the biggest selection of produce, but they have a respectable deli.
Love the bread farm and also like the prepared food too.
We also bought some fresh fish from the market side and had them fry it for us, delicious!!
Not at all greasy...my new to go place for asian food
I am a fan of whole foods.
We tried a curry chicken salad pasta and it was delicious.
I created a custom turkey sandwich and it was also delicious.
It's a major national chain that offers products which offers organic or natural foods.
Furtheremore, the variety they have at their food bar is equally awesome.
Whole foods over at the scottsdale 101 is always a winner everytime i come in!
This whole foods has a great selection of hot & ready food.
Thank you whole foods & andrew for going way above and beyond to help a customer.
Good home style cooking with plenty of comfort foods.
The market although smaller has everything one would need, fresh fruit and veggies, meats, pastries and crepes.
The nice part is, you could also try the fruits and cheese without buying them!
Starting from then entrance, to the food and especially the hospitality!
It's more like a casual cafe type of place but their food is delicious, healthy and affordable.
We ordered and within minutes the food came out.
The jams went well with the meat & cheese, so delicious!
For my entree i ordered the half salad half sandwich- asado salad & vegetable torta.
The vegetable torta was nice & warm; the bread was soft too.
I absolutely love everything about whole foods!
Their smoothies are delish!
Organic food is the best.
Always delicious food and extremely personable service.
The market place is filled with a diverse selection of foods, drinks, fresh flowers, and shops surrounding the market.
We ordered some cured meats and took them to go-they were absolutely delicious.
I think i was most fascinated and amazed by their fresh fruits and veggies.
They sold fruit that tasted like they were dipped in honey.
Breakfast is very busy though and i have gotten cold food.
Their bento boxes are delicious.
From bakeries, to butcher shops, cheese shops, plants, flowers, and just about every fresh fruit and vegetables imaginable.
The best part is just sampling all of the cut up fruit at every stand.
You'll probably be able to satisfy your daily intake of fruit just making one round around marché jean-talon.
Whole foods has become my savior since being diagnosed celiac.
Also all of their deli meats are gluten free!
The employees at whole foods are always so nice and helpful.
I work close by and so i have had lunch there 4 times and each time the food is delicious.
I'm always very happy with service and food choices here.
The macaroons were on point and so delicious!
The food is fantastic and the owners are sweet.
Just pure delicious yumminess.
My children love the food here.
I just wanna say i fell asleep for two hours after i ate your food.
Their two salsa options for topping your food items are also superior.
F&e is now probably one of my preferred places for food shopping.
With a recently diagnosed seven year old celiac, i have been desperate to find healthy but delicious gf options.
He talked with us for 15 minutes about diet, lifestyle and different resources including a tax credit for gf foods!
Wholes food has became a huge part of my life since i've changed my eating habit.
I love coming here best food ever i would recommend coming here sunday for the chicken dinner so good
Whether it's produce, antipasti, seafood or butchery, bakery and wines, they have all of that in spades.
Big produce department, large vitamin selection, spices, vegan eats, prepared foods, kombucha...you know, all your typical sprouts goods.
Once in a while i hit a very authentic mexican restaurant to remind myself how much i forget about food.
The service was very good and the food was amazing!
My friend had a burrito that was enormous and apparently delicious.
As always i need a healthy place to shop and store up food at home.
If you seek fresh food this is the store for you.
Fresh produce for less than i was paying at the big food stores.
Omg the food kiosks, fresh prepared food makes the food courts at the mall taste like ###!@%.
The fruit and vegetable section is excellent.
They delivered everything fresh and on time.
All of the wedding guests complimented the deliciousness of the desserts.
Whole foods in tempe has such a great atmosphere, wonderful employees and great great great food.
Their wine selection is great and the prepared foods is super delicious too!
Whenever i'm on a trip whole foods is my go-to place to find healthy vegetarian food.
I was in cleveland for the day and i had to stop by whole foods.
They had butterscotch flavored mixed nuts and they were delicious.
Their bakery items were delicious looking and i bought some self serve cookie bar items.
It's a store but they seemed to have more people picking up takeout food than grocery shopping.
This south end harris teeter has all the usual departments, just in a slightly compressed foodprint.
It's a great way to spend your day sampling various fruits, ciders and pastries.
I accidentally asked if there is any chemicals in the pills.....she of course said everything at whole foods is natural.
If you're looking for some great mexican food, don't hesitate to stop and check this place out!
It's a very large portion of food with jalapeños, avocado, and a great salsa.
Love  this whole foods!
My son is allergic to milk and the deli lady made him a free sandwich with now cheese!
They have an amazing produce section, with imported fruits you may not find at your regular grocery store.
The center section appears to be mostly food items, furniture in the back, and electronics front left side.
They have all the asian items i normally get from seafood city minus the crowd.
Checked out the seafood section.
Their baked goods are delicious!
Anytime i visit brampton i always go to oceans for all the great tropical fruit.
From milk fruit, rose apples, yellow dragon fruit!
Monday deli fried chicken deal is great, as long as the chicken hasn't been sitting out too long.
Great items, deli and bakery.
As a chinese-jamaican myself, i appreciate the freshness and simply delicious food.
They have an extensive selection of fruits, vegetables, plants, and flowers.
Overall a great experience though, and cake was cute and delicious!
They have a great selection of goods, but i do wish they would increase their organic line of foods.
Great food great service and not over priced and i love the atmosphere!
The food is delicious, the  atmosphere is refreshing and peaceful.
I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to taste persian/ mediterranean food.
There are many varieties of items to make sushi and other japanese foods.
Amazing little market with very cheap prices for quality food!
The owners are so nice and the food is mouth watering!
Good service, food is average.
It is a shame most people associate real mexican food with yellow cheese and flour tortillas.
You must go to lichas and have mexican food made the way it is intended.
Although this is a small whole foods, the staff is great.
The food prices aren't the cheapest but the food is pretty good.
Great organic fruits and veggies....very clean store...great customer service....fantastic deli dept....fresh fruits and veggies (non-organic)....and outstanding deals every week.
An amazing tourist place to visit, great market with lots of fresh and colorful fruits and vegetables.
The food is amazing, awesome flavours and the desserts are just the very best.
Such a variety of foods!
A little pricey, but delicious.
Bought a pumpkin and an apple pie from whole foods.
The wife and i love this place and hardly ever stray from buying all our food here.
One of the nicest whole foods that i have been in!
Add more personnel in the food court.
The environment is very "olde-tymey" and cute, but the food is pretty great!
The servers were terrific, the coffee good, and the juices (both oj and grapefruit) were fresh squeezed.
Classic food, delivered simply with a smile, for a great price.
Oh and the food in the food court is always nasty and prepared poorly.
Didn't find anything super special or exotic, ended up heading to whole foods for some items i couldn't find here.
The demos in the back of the store are always a delight halfway through the store visit.
Meat and veggies are always a good deal, and the chinese delights in the frozen aisle are better than expected.
Whole foods is really pretty expensive.
Buy food from local sources whenever possible and look for products that are specifically gmo free.
It is still a good idea to check the ingredients and even research the companies whose food products you're buying.
Food is a shady market and it is worth knowing exactly what you're putting into your body.
Great prices on breads hummus frozen food and juices.
Also love the dried fruit and nut section.
There's also a whole foods next door so overall its a great place to shop for your healthy lifestyle.
Then check out whole foods for fresh meat or fancy bakery for a special occasion.
Love the fruit veggies cold frozen and dries.
I had the pulled pork burrito and it was fresh, hot and delicious.
Quant japanese grocery store with a decent selection on japanese food.
There were 3 -4 rows of vendors, selling cheeses, fruit, and produce.
And we were disappointed not to see much ready to eat foods here.
Love this place, very good customer service and food was great!
Essentially it's a little log made of grains, vegetables and legumes.
So i started shopping here after being scared to death from watching food, inc.  (thanks oprah!)
We don't have wheat allergies, but we're making gluten free food part of our every day eating habit.
It appears to be an incubator with many small food related businesses sharing a large space.
There is something for every one, including vegetarians, vegans and people with food allergies.
They make them daily and are just delicious.
They often had really good deals on food and stuff, especially on produce and meats.
They also have a seafood market with fresh fish, shrimps and much more.
Decided to stop in this whole foods store.
Wish they had a bigger selection of prepared food.
Everything looked wonderful, lots of fresh fruits, maple syrup, pastry, and lots of meats and cheeses.
Place is great, great menu, great food, great service, good ambience to boot..
This review is mainly for the sandwich/deli portion.
Basic food stuffs, but nothing fancy or extravagant.
Trader joe's has perfectly sized portion and the food always delivers.
Food is fresh and healthy.
Great selection of organic vegetables, awesome selection and quality of meat and seafood and a nice deli counter.
Sushi, crepe, beer, coffee, cheese, sandwiches, pizza, wine, deli.... its got a great variety.
All of the fruit stands provide free samples of the fruit/veggies you are going to buy.
It is a great store with rich selection of grocery items, fruit and produce section, cafeteria and more.
No one can beat their fruits!
First off, it hits all the basics:  the food is fresh.
This is a gem...everything just getting out of the oven...delicious!!
Note that you can pick any item in the deli and have then make it a sandwich.
The food is wonderful, the service is great, and the prices are entirely fair.
They offer prepared foods and have a daily lunch offering during the week.
Enjoy shopping at trader joes, lots of prepared foods in the freezer section.
Also, many house brands of staple foods to stock your pantry.
The food is excellent, the prices are low and the staff is friendly.
The best strawberries i've ever eaten were purchased here, and they were just one of countless mouthwateringly delicious fruits available.
Delish food and market next door.
Produce and deli are fantastic and well stocked.
Best whole foods location in the cleveland area.
They price things by weight there and my boyfriends food ended up being 12 bucks!
The food is right up there with what your make at home.
Nice simple but delicious food.
I am so delighted that champaign has such a nice asian supermarket
I love doing my veggie and fruit shopping here!
The price or the food and quantity/quality are right on.
Don't expect fine dining here but do enjoy the fat induced food coma afterwards.
I absolutely love devitis market and deli.
The deli has high quality meats and cheeses, and there are specials and pre-made desserts, which are all fantastic.
They even have a nice little produce section, which high quality vegetables.
If you like italian food and/or deli food, you should definitely check out devitis.
There produce continues to rock, though fruits can be a hit or miss.
The service here is very attentive and the food is truly authentic and definitely 'muy bien'.
Perfect for meeting a friend and enjoying any form of food from sandwich to just a hot tea.
They make all their food from scratch and offer a variety of items to choose from.
Every week they have sales on meat and other food.
I don't know exactly what their secret is, but their food is always the best.
Alright, everyone knows whole foods isn't cheap.
I'm sorry, whole foods.
There was nary one bad fruit in the rows and rows of vendors that sold tomatoes.
An incredible selection of fresh fruits, vegetables and prepared foods influenced by the local italian culture.
Love the food & the market.
If you looking for specific items they may not be here, such a pet food.
Nice setting, good food, and good service.
A nice place if you're looking for fairly uninteresting but tasty brunch-y food in the company of friends.
I cannot stand when i go to grocery stores and see expired, rotting fruit.
The whole vibe just feels upscale, comparable in my experience to whole foods when i was visiting san antonio.
I love whole foods.
The sandwiches at the deli counter appear as if to die for.
It's much much cheaper than whole foods, basha's , frys, etc.
Awesome restaurant great flavorful foods  i loved the tabuleh salad and their meats including chicken.
The food was really good and tasted fresh.
The waiter also gave us 2 drinks on him for the food being sent out like that.
They have very inexpensive food however sometimes the produce doesn't look as fresh as it should.
I am the stereotypical american white boy, but have loved this style food for most of my life.
It's boring to try the items we already buy everyday, surprise yourself and you may find some delicious new tastes.
While every whole foods will carry different things, i am always happy with what i end up with.
I had not eaten middle eastern food much before zaytoon and didn't think i liked it.
They now have nitrite-free bacon and organic salad greens, in addition to the many wonderful food items they've always sold.
I recommend aldi to any person looking to save money on great food!
I am a foodie.
You can't help but stumble upon item after item of unique and delightful items to try.
I swear this is one of the largest and tastiest sandwiches i have had from a deli.
I like how the food court has different options... chinese, vietnamese, and filipino food.
My family ordered food from ihaw ihaw and i from bf... can't complain.
Food was good and not too bad for the price.
Fresh food, good service, convenient location.
As for the restaurant portion, the food is good.
The beef is very lean and delicious.
I have a love-hate relationship with whole foods.
I freeze it into ice cubes and throw it in my protein shakes, it's delicious!
Attended today a "raw foods" class posted by sara p. on yelp events.
It surely was a very beneficial class about raw foods with how to prepare and to cook raw foods.
Most of all they are vegan, healthy, and delicious!
Her compilation of raw foods and vegan recipes are ones to have.
I can't wait for the many other raw foods recipes she will send to me.
The whole foods market always present informative food, beverages and cooking classes i like attending.
(click on this link about the event and for photos) http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-raw-foods-class next event?
Like acme meets whole foods.
Their prepared food section in the back of the store is amazing.
I have never been disappointed with any food item i have purchased from there.
The fish was delicious and fresh!
Reasonable prices and yummy local food.
It's not specialized for health food or organic, just fresh.
They also had a very good deli, with some of the best sandwiches i've had in a long time.
Oh, how do i love thee whole foods, let me count the ways!
Super-convenient kiosks to order custom-made foods from!
Delicious, but banana flavor was the strongest, followed by coconut.
Http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/whole-foods-market-phoenix-2?select=bshnl7k5sod3qoyt2nic0w#bshnl7k5sod3qoyt2nic0w  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/whole-foods-market-phoenix-2?select=fupumuzjpfttls3dny0cig#fupumuzjpfttls3dny0cig  and so on...
The butchers are great and a few seafood options.
I love my neighborhood whole foods.
But the food is worth the wait.
Non-label or locally produced food like honey, chips, cheese, etc.
Fresh seafood and amazing produces selection.
You can mix your own garden tomatoes and i found a variety of very fresh vegetable and fruit.
The seafood department was very clean and had great prices.
We didn't have to wait long for our food which was nice.
I haven't even tasted the food and i am saying 5 stars.
Our plant is packages food items and we are certified as organic, kosher etc.
First time in was just for vegetables and some meat; noticed immediately place is super clean.
I can get a lot of delicious meals out of this place.
The food is very delicious.
I like the gemme and the chicken kabob is delish!
It's too bad big chain health food stores and online shopping are putting many wonderful shops out of business.
I know these may seem like simple, common food items but when executed with excellence there is nothing better.
The great persian food don't forget to ask for their fresh baked bread.
This whole foods really does have the largest selection of packaged raw foods i've seen in person.
Anyway, this whole foods also has an enormous selection of raw, organic nuts.
He's one of the best whole foods employees i've met, ever.
One of whole food's best "human resources".
All in all, this is definitely a 5 star whole foods.
It is on the complete opposite end of the spectrum of the fort apache/summerlin whole foods.
), whereas this one is kid friendly and has much healthier food options.
All whole foods should remove them, or at least sequester them to an area you can easily avoid.
Beautiful market with amazing fresh fruits to sample and great eateries!
The fruit samples are changed out frequently so you can bet the fruit is fresh.
So if you are buying food and booze you are going to get rung up twice, which is annoying.
The meat and seafood areas are bigger with more selection.
They even have a few restaurant style places to eat, dimsum, filipino, vietnamese foods, and a bakery.
Amazing weekend spot for amazingly quality food at cheap prices.
The only serious issue is the dispensing process with the bulk foods and bulk spices.
The bulk foods department is a great alternative to buying large packaged goods.
They have lots of korean and japanese food that you can't really find in most asian markets!
As i'm always looking for interesting new food & drink specials around town and i think theirs are quite good.
The only thing missing was the yogurt sauce that we are accustomed to eating with our food.
U can't get all your food here that u need but what they do have is great.
Watch out for high prices on fresh seafood, non-organic (regular) vegetables, some prepared foods and non-specialty items.
It took me a long time to come around to liking whole foods.
I love their range of organic and healthy foods that you rarely find in other stores.
The food here is delicious  and healthy.
Supported by regular customers and one of my favorites, il centro delivers nothing but the best food.
Been here a few times now and i've always been amazed by the quality of food.
The soft tiramisu was delicious but i liked the strawberry cheesecake more.
Definitely one of the nicer whole foods that i've been to!
They have just about everything your looking for- fresh fruit and veggies, huge dairy selection, fresh seafood and meats!
Um yeah, it's a gas station with a food place inside.
Fresh food area is very good also.
I was particular impressed by the cheese selection and deli offerings.
Lots of unique southern foods on the menu as well.
It was delicious, seasoned perfectly.
Everything i have ever tried with a trader joes label on it has been delicious.
There are only a few things i like to buy at whole foods or ge market district.
As well as lots of fruit at a good price.
They seem to have a bit of a different food selection than some  of the other f &e's around town.
Great and fresh meat/seafood selection in the butcher.
Excellent food with excellent service....they even allow my 4 lb yorkie to sit with us ......can't ask for more....thanks zaytoon.
Note; this review is for the deli only   $4.99 for one of the best sandwiches that i've ever had?
Their food is high quality, healthy, delicious and they have a huge variety of choices.
I normally shop at whole foods in shadyside or a random aldi + costco.
I'll be doing my regular shopping here from now on and supplementing w/trips to costco and whole foods.
Love the games, love the food and love the hunnies!!!
Their hot and ready food and ready-made cakes are also reasonably priced.
They even once let me buy $25 of food on 'credit' when i forgot my wallet.
Whole foods challenged that notion and created an innovative experience for the customer.
Whole foods is like an art show with food on display!
All of the food, especially the produce looks so fresh and inviting.
It's stacked so neatly that sometimes i just marvel at the food before i start shopping.
Whole foods has the largest variety i've seen under one roof.
They have everything, from hard to find meats, seafood, juices, spices, breads, pastries, etc.
The meat & seafood department is also top notch.
For any foodie, just having the option of being able to shop here is a real treat.
Its open year round and houses some really awesome food.
Great selections on fruits and veggies ((: but very poor pricing in the cosmetic section.
Food is so good.
This place is delicious.
I'm cannot speak to the deli or butcher, but the bakery is fabulous!
Great food surrounds you.
I love this whole foods as its empty compared to ca stores.
I hate how pricey their weighed food is but i like to get their pizza slices.
Most fruit and veg every day, daily specials on fresh produce, great deli section, nice little bakery section as well.
I love whole foods.
Five wines/food pairings by seven o'clock for 5 bucks.
The fresh meats and seafood.
I am beyond thrilled that there is whole foods now on the westside.
Thank you whole foods.
They have a good deli (sandwiches are less than $6 and they have sprouts!!!)
The management seem to do one thing particularly well besides quality yum food- they seem keep their employees happy.
If you're looking for a new place to have lunch, i would highly recommend whole foods market.
They have 6 to 7 different areas where they server food.
This whole foods is large and well organized.
The deli meat is delicious- they make their own turkey and roast beef sans preservatives.
The prepared food section is huge and they have their own bar and a separate smokehouse area.
Yes, we've food shopped on a sat night just to get a few beers in before starting the shopping.
This place makes grocery shopping a delight- no longer a chore.
Best food ever and its all home made.
Latin american world in montreal everything in one place: food, bakery, butcher, groceries.
The food was great!
I like this shop hi quality stuff good food  not a fast food level - imho .
My big bottle of sake, and japanese vegetables are always readily available here, and the staff there are sooooo friendly.
Not to mention they also have enough fresh seafood to make your own mini sushi feast at home!
There deli has so many options.
I like this one also because it is just food and not a marketplace!
They have their own brand of upscale food, called market district, that provides great food.
This restaurant has the best food and a wonderful warm atmosphere.
Some produce, raw/organic foods, kitchen accessories, and health care items.
Otherwise, a great resource for healthy food and health products
I love this whole foods market!!
All of the food looked super delicious.
I have had moldy food from here twice (tin of mints and pack of sliced cheese).
The food here is so good.
The sandia was so much more delicious.
The food was absolutely delectable, more than i could ever anticipate.
I didn't know this myself, but i might be on mission to try the the different foods of the mediterranean.
I realize after tasting the food here that the names may sound similar, but there is a flavor difference.
Beef kabob sandwich: added avocado - delicious choice!
There is a broad availability of mediterranean food choices here in vegas.
Just like pokemon go fans at the parks, i'm on it for the ethnic food hunt.
They have a great variety of food and the staff is always friendly.
Staff is amazing the place was really cool to be honest and the food hit the spot.
Bentos are yummy - the beef bowl and curry beef bowls are so hit the spot delicious....
The staff is friendly and they have a great hot food bar and also fresh pizza.
That's fine if your a restaurant and you need your purveyors to deliver everything ripe and at peak flavor.
From the flowers to the fresh fruits and veggies, everything about this makret was fantastic.
I've had hit and miss experiences with cracker barrel food.
The food was about what i expect.
It's ok diner type food.
Why do you have to be so damn expensive whole foods?!
I have been here many times and always had great quality food.
I am a big fan of persian food in general and was so happy to find this place.
Anyways the food always came very well made and the portions were generous.
Located in town square, this is my favorite whole foods branch.
The service at the deli is exceptional.
I wish none of this was there and all of their space was used for food items.
I wanted to barbecue some of their delicious shish taouk chicken breasts when we got to my dad's place.
Come here for the food!
They have everything associated with caribbean, african & middle asian foods!!
The varieties of food items are endless!
Yelp 100 challenge 2013- 2/100  i l-o-v-e this bid daddy whole foods market!
Yes, i can understand why they nickname whole foods 'whole paycheck.'
With deli goodies, ready to eat cooked food, take-out lunches and on-trend brands, plus all the usual metro offerings.
Always fully stocked with fresh produce, prepared foods, sushi, full service deli and a huge beer/wine section.
Delicious kabob chicken, baba ganoush and the bread!
Food is always served fast and fresh.
They will bring your dog water and you can order a meal menu item if your dog eats human food.
- they have really amazing food!
An extremely great number of chinese food here!
Vegetables, fruit, frozen food, snacks, anything you would think of.
I wish it could have delivery service.
The prepared food section is fantastic.
Local loaf: lunch or brunch, they're both delicious.
They are so unique and delicious.
Love, love, love whole foods.
Tons of fresh fish and other seafood.
Aka fruits, veggies, meats exc.
I say its for my allergies but we all know honey is just pure deliciousness.
There are so many different stalls with delicious foods inside - from maple syrup to fresh cheeses, meats, and produce!
We bought a number of grocery items and decided to try out the cooked food.
The cook food is how i like it.
And the big reason for my 5.0 review...they have ideas for recipes posted all over their food items.
Bunch of produce and food too.
If you like persian food this is the place to go.
With that said, most fruits and veggies at ma leave something to be desired.
Although small, this oriental convenience store has a good selection of japanese snacks and foods.
The food is authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced.
Such good, wholesome food for cheap!
I'm always hunting for new places to buy different foods and beer from across the globe.
Not very many persian restaurants in town, so i'm sooo happy they exist and their food is great.
Otherwise, we risk losing the better part of the afternoon to wandering this foodie paradise.
Great authentic mexican food-very reasonable prices!
All of the food on others' tables looked really yummy, too!
We will definitely be back to try other food and desserts.
Food is incredible, always super fresh and made with love.
Delicious pizza and amazing gnocchi !!
All taste like real homemade food!!
The more i walk into a whole foods, the more i fall in love with them!
Great food, awesome long term staff, good gluten free options.
The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
The bratwurst is delicious (standing 10 for $10 deal) the bacon is wonderful too.
There is a pretty decent selection of deli meat as well as other grocery and candy items.
Los gemelos is located within a grocery store in a plaza that specializes in ethnic foods and services.
The menu was short, with the mexican equivalent of comfort food.
This is mexican food by mexicans, for mexicans.
In the same place as staple meal choices and fun party foods.
While you shop there are typically delicious samples to nibble on, which provide added inspiration.
The only certified organic fruits and vegetables produce delivered to your doorstep fresh and less costly than the retail shops.
The servers are friendly, knowledgeable about the menu (both food and beverage), and make the overall experience at hillside enjoyable.
They just don't seem to properly staff those peak times and both service and food quality suffer.
My local whole foods is the mega wf in lincoln park, chicago.
However, this whole foods is far superior to the globo gym mega-whole foods i am accustom to.
I love this place we drive from centennial hills to get the food there.
Japan creek market is affordable has wonderful staff and great food!
It was slightly crowded in any of the food aisles, but this was after church on a sunday.
Also beware of the community drums of food!
They usually have fruit, deli meat, cheese, a bakery item, and a bread/spread.
The bread is made fresh every day and is delicious.
I'm multiracial japanese and grew up eating mostly japanese food and also traveled to japan multiple times.
We make/eat japanese foods all the time now and enjoy the snack section a lot .
On my last night in vegas, i craved persian food and found zaytoon on yelp.
The kabob koobideh was delicious!
Fourth, the freezer section has much gluten-free food, and offers the one and only tasty gluten-free bread - "udi's."
They have a good selection but not that many people shop here so a lot of the food goes bad.
However i like the ability to order food and eat it here.
This whole foods in scottsdale is amazing -- they sell clothes!
I can never go back to my little old regular whole foods ever again (just kidding).
There are plenty of fresh fruit and vegetable vendors along with a large amount of honey vendors.
We stopped at the portuguese bakery and picked up some custard pies and they were delicious.
Half market and half food stands, and all enclosed (although they do have some nice outdoor seating too).
The grilled chicken was delicious, also had chips and quac for a snack that was good.
Nothing on the strip is even close to what's offered at whole foods.
They juice  your drink right there in plain view, fresh fruits & veggies out.
Lots of fresh foods for lunch time and places to eat in the store.
Yes, i have a problem with regular grocery cashiers practically throwing my food toward the bagger.
Awesome service, great food and coffee, cozy inside.
Small market so don't think this is san francisco but plenty of delicious goodies to pick from.
), i will admit that i love trips to whole foods in most capacities.
Awesome showcase of local food establishments.
I went to zaytoon for the groceries, but now i need to go back for the food.
Of course, it's possible to buy fruits and veggies from a larger supermarket and wash/cut them yourself.
F&e has continued to expand and add new items (food and non-food) to its stores.
They offer a lot of local and organic fruits and produce.
But let's be serious, it's all about the deli and the ready made items.
The meats are fresh from the deli.
It smells like fresh fruit and vegetable to me.
Fresh food to take with you as well.
Open air food market where you can sample the fruits and veggies before you buy.
Plus yummy cheese, herbs, smoked meats and other delicious food everywhere.
Seafood and meats are super fresh, produce is amazing...i love the juice bar and the hot foods section.
Makes the money u spend at whole foods worth it!
Most of the food is okay.
I also got a lot of plastic box containers of different dried fruits, some covered in chocolate and some not.
It was cheap ($1.69 each) and delicious.
The food is pretty good, and the menu could do with some updating on a regular basis, but i'm nitpicking.
I also really love their meat and seafood counter.
Their deli counter is nice, as is their specialty meat and cheese counter.
Real, fresh authentic mexican food.
They always have the freshest produce, meats, seafood, etc!!!
The food was good but was delish with great service.
He kept up with us as we ate our food and sipped our drinks- offering suggestions along the way.
Although i've never had persian food in iran i have had it many places across the us.
This is quick review for the food stop portion of this gas station.
The staff always rang me up with a smile and the food came fairly quickly.
It's a good quick grab-n-go spot for a quick delicious bite.
A small family owned japanese grocery store with many groceries and delicious bentos fresh made.
Most said great food, you got that right.
Service is great and food is wonderful.
I didn't think cold fried food could be good but these bento bowls have turned me into a fast convert.
They also have an extensive selection of frozen foods and some other regional selections.
The seafood and deli departments are also great, and the customer service in each is also fantastic.
From their fresh fruits to their amazing oysters, local maple syrups and duck poutine!
The fruit & vegetables are the best here in the valley.
I love this whole foods.
Food is amazing and the roof top patio is great for a hot summer day!
It was perfectly delicious and filling.
Great staff and food and i am pretty sure all their dishes are delicious!
The frozen pastas they sell are delicious, and their deli sandwiches are even better.
Amazing cheap veggies and fruits as well.
Good food friendly service and a great location.
Food from every vendor/restaurant looked great.
Http://www.whatsgoodattraderjoes.com/  check it out for ideas of new foods to try.
Excellent little mediterranean market with a attached restaurant that serves up some very authentic persian food.
It's just good food.
It is definitely a huge upgrade to its spring mountain location as this also has a food court and bakery.
We did try eating a couple times at the food court, but i'll review on that another time.
All in all...highly recommend for seafood and just your asian needs.
I like this store and the food prices.
Whole foods has everything fresh and lots of healthy items.
They have authentic good food, good prices and most importantly a very good family who owns it.
Marché jean-talon is well known for its open-air market where produce, meats, seafood, and floors are sold.
This is the best place in town for 5 star persian food!
This hole in the wall restaurant that gives you tasty and delicious food deserves a lot of stars!
The bakery makes lots of delicious goodies that many of us swore off this new year.
Smaller than pike place in seattle, but very good foods.
So i was looking for a particular japanese grocery vegetable and called in before i came by.
Their salad bar, snack bar, subs, chinese food, wings, pizza, & sushi are quick, easy, & tasty.
Unlike mekong or lee lee, it actually also sells american and mexican food as well as lots of household appliances.
They also sell lots of produce, marinated meats, fresh fish, deli....u name it.
Good for vegetables and fruits.
I don't buy meat, but the freah meat and seafood counter seems to be priced low as well.
This is full service, staffed with friendly and helpful people, and stocked full of quality foods.
They also have an excellent deli and food bar.
I was at town square and i decided to get some things at this whole foods.
I did get some steaks and some vegetables.
Whole foods is an amazing upscale grocery store that is mostly organic.
This is the first one in the cleveland area and there's no store that matches whole foods in the area.
There are also many appetizing options in the seafood and meat departments which you can take home and cook.
The food is amazing.
The fruit was beautifully displayed.
The food is pretty pricey, but the quality makes it worth it.
Overall, if you want a different grocery store experience, visit whole foods, no matter where you are in greater cleveland.
The chicken, even though covered with delicious cojita cheese, wasn't very flavorful.
I've been around 'health food stores' for decades going back to its beginning in the early 70's in san francisco.
I love the guacamole and chips as an appetizer and the pollo taco plate is delicious!
This whole foods over at town square is a little bigger than the w charleston store.
They have a larger selection at the salad & food bars.
This size of the whole foods.
You don't have to buy food for an army!
Next to a parking garage- it's a foodie's foodcourt.
Pizza/garlic knots and crepes were delicious.
We tasted five 7-8 cheeses from around the globe, as well nuts, fruits and a selection of crackers.
Can't wait to try some new fruit spreads and maple syrup i bought!
Many people have said it has a "whole foods" feel because it is located near southern highlands.
Cute little market with a lot of interesting finds in terms of food (witch finger grapes, pumpkins, drinks).
I don't know much about persian food but i really enjoyed this place.
Beans- i've never had anything that tasted like this before and it was so delightful.
I stocked up on produce, shrimp chips, bags of nata de coco, and jackfruit.
Some of the stands put out samples and the fruits tasted better then candy!
This is 'safe-on-foods' as we know it.
This store is just chock full of interesting products that made my food imagination soar.
The prepared food section was replete with multiple selections and salad choices.
The produce section is usually a bit insane but at least we're all eating our fruits and veggies!
I was surprised to have seen a whole foods so close to the vegas strip.
Fruits, vegetables, meats, specialty foods, even an saq!
Overall, absolutely a great local health market, with much more reasonable prices than whole foods.
The main difference is of course the size and a major lack of prepared foods (especially sushi and vegetarian options).
The food almost always tastes delicious.
We bought some delicious stone fruit, fresh squeezed orange-mango juice, and gravlax (knowing we'd be buying bagels) to bring home.
This isn't where you send tourists, this is where you buy all your food.
It looks like one of those health food stores.
Everyone is so pleasant, my sister and i got free fruit and i ended up buying strawberries.
The guy was so pleasant and there soo much food.
The food quality and staff are great!
The food is good, and they give you plenty.
I'd much rather shop here than whole foods.
Good selection of fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
Fun to walk around, taste samples of local produce and buy baskets of fresh food.
Smaller than jean talon (which i prefer), but terrific food vendors and gorgeous meat and seafood.
Love going to whole foods just to grab food or grab a smoothie at their smoothie bar.
Each time, there was mold inside the vegetables.
Please examine your food as best as possible when purchasing.
Best shopping, hangout and food place for winters and summers too.
Then, i start with the crawl, stopping at every food stall, tasting the fresh and yummy fruits or veggie.
This whole foods is a hit or miss for me.
They also stock some great foreign foods that i can't find anywhere else.
My reservations here are about two things: first, the prepared food.
Food has always been delicious for breakfast and lunch.
Great delicious fruits and vegetables and fantastic customer service.
A lot of goodies, some produce, dry goods, frozen foods, & even some bento boxes & sushi's.
If you're looking for japanese foods, you may find what you need here.
Remember when grocery stores just sold food you took home and cooked?
One of, if not the best places in town to get cheap mexican food.
Hillside has a very relaxed atmosphere, with good food and a respectable beer selection.
No hot food or filipino beers.
I also heard both cashier and cooks speak in japanese so i know it it will be authentic japanese food!
I love whole foods.
Also, the hot foods are amazing.
And the soups are delicious too!
Plus, the prepared foods section is delicious!
Absolutely delicious, authentic montreal style bagels.
Not much to say about whole foods that you don't already know.
Go to whole foods and try new things trust me :)
I ate a smoked meat sandwich with mustard and it was delicious!
All around they serve high quality food at a great value.
Sometimes only one person doing the cash and making the food!
The food is great but they should be faster and processing the orders.
I also enjoy the ready-made food area.
I love throwing all my favorite vegetables and grains into a container to eat quickly for lunch.
They even had a farmer's market in their parking lot called "food 52" on friday morning.
The deli is a awesome.
First time into the south location of community natural foods and...
Community does a great job of providing a list of ingredients on the foods they prepare.
I had to make sure i actually made sure i was not dreaming about the flavor of their food.
The food just felt homemade except for really good plating.
I told my friends i could not stop talking about my food trip today.
I still talked about the food at the custard place and in our group chat!
I really like the store for its grocery and produce sections and also fresh food in the buffet.
Food is good as well as the atmosphere.
You'll find a variety of produce, flowers (seriously, so many flowers), meats, seafood, even an egg stand.
There's also a bunch of different food vendors selling everything from freshly shucked oysters to poutine to baked goods.
Food was fresh and delicious and very filling for the price.
2-3 weeks ago i bought some whey protein at $10.99/lb in the bulk foods section.
I called winco up and spoke with dani, who is the manager of the bulk foods section.
Food is awesome, service is great!
They make delicious fresh tasty food, for very reasonable prices.
Excellent place, great food and great presentation!
I like that you can find many ethnic foods here; there are aisles devoted solely to mexican and asian fares.
First was the opening day and i got some delicious artichoke and spinach chip dip and vitamins.
Excellent food, reasonably priced, and fresh meat from their deli.
Zaytoon serves amazing persian food.
If you haven't tried their food yet, go do it right now lol.
Besides being a grocery store with great selection of healthy choices, some organic, they prepare and serve food on site.
A delicious, large cheeseburger.
Fresh veggies on the burger and the delicious bun added to my enjoyment.
There's literally a little bit of everything: coffee, tea, raw foods, baked goods, meat, seafood, pizza, sushi, wine, cheese...
They have everything... fresh meat and seafood, prepared and ready to cook meals, frozen options...
A bar, starbucks, and choices of making you meal at one of their food stands.
I've gotten salmon, albacore tuna and skip jack tuna and it's all delicious and reasonably priced.
There are fresh fruits and veggies galore not to mention very reasonably priced maple syrup and other maple goodies.
They use boar's head deli meat so you know you're getting quality stuff.
They delivered on time, had a great price, and still my favorite cupcakes i've ever come across.
Very extensive meat and seafood department - i come here once a week to stock up on meats.
It took me a while just to digest all of the salads offered in the deli case.
You have to come and check it out for yourself...  #irishcatv2 #vinosquared #vino2 #vino2ultimate #twylytephotography #wholefoods
This place is twice the size of marche atwater and has a lot more ethnic food stores.
Wonderful tj's in the same strip mall as whole foods.
I always find i buy healthier food after working out.
I have colombian roots and very much enjoy cooking traditional colombian foods.
I also love the prepared foods they have on occasion.
They have non gmo foods plus gluten-free groceries.
Once you are finished shopping, grab a bite to eat at their food court.
I'm super excited that seafood city is on my side of town.
The aisles for supplements, vitamins, superfoods, etc.
There is lots and lots of food!
The only disappointing factor is the "bulk" food section is just prepackaged goods, it's a huge waste on plastic.
Everything you need to stay healthy and to accommodate different food restrictions while on vacation or in everyday life.
Then i recommend seafood city market on maryland pkwy.
I wished i had saved some of the bread/dip to make a sandwich out of it all- it was delicious!
When you walk you, you will be walking into the deli.
Cashiers are nice and the selection of food is awesome.
Whole foods had scallops but they weren't very big.
Love that they offer a healthy organic aisle along with tons of varied products and a huge prepared food section.
On my last visit bae and i each grabbed a slice of pizza, which was delicious.
This review is based on the pane fresco cafe and food services inside fortinos.
I was surprised to see the selection of food and space dedicated to sitting down for a meal.
The prices are reasonable and you can pick from sushi to stir fry and lots of other foods in between.
Fresh cheese, fruits, veggies, plants, cheese, meat, pastries, bread, and did i say cheese???
They have a huge selection of foods predominantly from china, south korea, and japan.
They seem to have everything including more niche ingredients and even live seafood!
They are still in the opening stage but hopefully the food court will open up soon!
Good food for less money.
Food and wine choices!
From flowers to vegetables to bread crumbs.
I will agree with everyone here that the food here is quite authentic, tasty, and affordable.
- extremely affordable and a ton of food!
Overall, great staff, yummy food.
I love this whole foods and find myself going here all the time.
They have the most amazing antioxidant superfruit sangria called eppa...which makes me feel better about drinking it.
Who knew that an organic superfruit antioxidant sangria even existed?
They have a great salad bar, delicious cheeses and wines...
Looking for quality health foods and products, and great service wholefoods is the store for you...
Two of us had spinach salads and they were delicious.
This store is delightful to visit!
I love the different foods they have made available, all different countries represented.
There is food to eat inside at the restaurant, boba teas, and snacks galore!
I just moved out to phoenix from socal where health food stores are commonplace.
Great food awesome prices and even better people so it's just my kind of place.
The works omelette is a very delicious and savory way to start your day.
This is my favorite whole foods in the cle area.
Not just for the shopping but for the prepared foods they have to offer.
Bbq station, pizza, salad, indian food, american fare....even saw a breakfast for dinner station still serving french toast.
Excellent seafood section that you can pick out and have the cooks prepare for you right then and there.
The food is good ol old school grub and low prices.
They have a large selection of prepared foods.
For example, today, eliza taught me how she puts passionfruit in her water for flavor.
Today, my mom and i purchased small grapefruit, sicilian lemon and dark chocolate balsamic/olive oil.
The olive scene sends out a delightful monthly newsletter with easy cooking recipes that i've tried on several occasions.
We were on our way to a food festival on foot and got caught in a torrential downpour.
The array of beautiful displays of produce, seafood, flowers and plants plus food booths was enticing.
Lots of reasonably priced specialty prepared foods, foie gras, terrines, jams, etc.
I love whole foods.
I went shopping here tonight, and i remembered why i love whole foods so much.
All you have to do is look at the butter section understand why whole foods is so amazing.
If you want high-end specialty items, the nice thing about whole foods is that you can find them.
Thank you, whole foods!
Interesting tidbit: did you know that whole foods lets its employees at each store decide the decor of the store?
I am absolutely in love with whole foods.
I find their fruit and veg keeps longer than produce purchased at other grocery chains.
So from the point of view of a really broke student, this stuff is delicious and cheap and absolutely perfect.
They have lots of local and organic things, a lovely deli, and a great little wine bar.
All the good food trucks like short leash dogs, truckin' good food, and torched goodness are here too.
If you are looking for the real deal mexican food i would strongly recommend this place.
Food is good and so is service.
In this one, the ceilings are high, they have a grocery, prepared foods and extensive beer selection.
Oh, the deli and sandwiches, fresh prepared foods are also good.
It was not too much food, just right.
There's a decent organic section, if you're too lazy to drive to whole foods.
Nice atmosphere with some amazing food.
Food was better and different than expected.
The 7th street market is an awesome little market boasting some very impressive food and drink options.
Overall, it's just a fun and delicious local market that's a must visit when in charlotte.
There is a wide selection of fresh fruits and vegetables including a section for organic produce.
Overall, this is my go to grocery store because of the convenience and wide selection of healthy food products.
Fresh produce, amazing selection of meats, seafood and poultry.
It is connected to their grocery store and deli.
The food was very good..fresh and authentic but..be careful if you order several different items.
The food has always been good, occasionally great!
Best place to shop groceries, health products and deli in town.
They have an excellent and reasonably priced gluten-free foods section 2.
They sell the widest variety of foods of any store in town.
They also carry an extensive selection of ethnic foods, salsa, canned items, and cereal.
Try the soltani if you are in search of a tasty, delicious entree.
This is the super wal-mart of whole foods.
... be sure to try their nuts and dried fruit!
Delicious and fresh made.
The fresh veggie market could use some fresher product but the seafood market look wonderful.
Deliveries arrive within a couple of days, and i always know that what i've ordered is quality food.
Thank you for your integrity toward food.
Thank you whole foods las vegas for being number one
Fresh & easy, trader joe's & sprouts are my favorite specialty food stores.
Most fruit/veggie stands offer samples of their wares.
There's a lot of good food stands and small restaurants.
However i must say the selection of choices is far better at the north end food court !
This cracker barrel did not disappoint:  the service was great, the food was tasty, the portions were just right.
We loved the fruit samples of pears and apples but everything is fresh, colorful, and affordable.
A creative, delightful spot that will entrance you.
My lack of 5 stars is simply for the meat selection, both deli and bigger cuts ie: roasts etc.
The big draw for me is their food selection.
The employees in the butcher/deli area are helpful, patient and friendly.
They did a nice job in the retooling of the produce/deli area.
I bought some ramen noodles and some asian style (seafood flavoured) chips, and wasabi flavoured peas from the grocery store.
You can probably find whatever asian food/fruit/vegetables you want here.
Also, all the food products they sell are of higher quality and excellent value!
They have an incredible variety of fresh food and desserts (can't let their desserts go here).
Excellent foodie market with interesting vendors.
A fantastic fruit and veg stand with predominantly local (ab & bc) produce, dj's has everything at very reasonable prices.
Love the latino jalapeño selection of foods here as well.
Quality items including a wide range of cheeses, fresh meats, vegetables,fruits, candies and baked goods.
While i love the organic food at whole paycheck, i just afford to shop there all the time.
Affordable, high quality organic food, along with the best frozen meals you could ever want.
Strolled into the produce section to sample their fresh fruits.
The food is organic and the staff are great, although i can't say the same for the managers.
I miss getting multiple bollios for the week and eating those delicious noms.
I recall that they're produce is cheaper than other local places and i believe their seafood is also.
Furthermore, this time i tried their freshly prepared food.
It was briny, delicious, and most importantly fresh.
The vegetables, herbs and fruits only survive if they are watered, given nutrients and protected in severe weather.
My-oh-my was it delicious.
The market was quite large and host a variety of vegetables.
We had some delicious macaroons.
Also enjoyed a fresh made sandwich and deli salad after a long day.
Also, they do have a really good price on fruit and veg.
Lots of awesome looking prepared foods in the refrigerated section like oil-free dressing (avocado, balsamic, mandarin, ginger).
The food is actually quite good.
The food is good, and a little surprising.
If you love persian food, this place is the place to be at!!
Staff is super friendly, food is amazing, and atmosphere is great!
There is fresh food for days you don't want to cook.
Items are in stock, the produce, dairy, meat, deli and bakery are fresh.
It makes the entire shopping experience satisfying and a delight.
This market has low prices, great fruits, veggies, fresh meat, and great food
Love the asian food here.
And i thought the whole foods i go to in atlanta was huge!
Came to buy some flowers and organic fruits.
I picked up kale that was on sale, strawberries and red grapes that were deliviously naturally sweetened!
Ordered the turkey sandwich with cranberry aioli and it was delicious.
Much cheaper than whole foods.
You can find all-natural and organic foods without paying the ridiculous whole foods prices.
The fruits and veggies are cheap and fresh.
They were giving out samples of their frozen chicken pot pies and it was delicious.
A little free food goes a long way!
Always good price on fruit and their clearance pastrys are awesome.
$6 and you get a delicious bowl of tonkotsu ramen, perfectly portioned with traditional toppings.
Overall love coming to this place and definitely recommend anyone who wants to try some japanese food besides sushi.
The health food section of this store has improved ten fold in the last year.
It stocks an amazing amount of specialty foods, for all kinds of diets.
There is a bath and beauty area in the natural foods department which is really nice, as well.
Fresh and easy sells their own brand of produce,meats,condiments, desserts,dairy, and prepackaged food at an affordable price.
Lakshmi's has a real bounty of ingredients and prepared foods and everything in between.
This store really gives new life to the possibility of making vegetarian dishes which are interesting and delicious.
Besides indian products, there is a pretty decent selection of foods from east/southeast asia and the middle east.
Some are similar to what you might find in restaurants, but these are much more flavorful and delicious.
Grab a cup of coffee or a fruit smoothie and wander from booth to booth.
What i really enjoyed was that the kfm is truly about food.
There are some, but not an overwhelming number of non-food vendors.
I have a love/hate relationship with whole foods.
Anyways...whole foods: come for artisan goat cheese, stay for judgmental soccer parents in lululemon pants.
I love the fact that costco are offering more and more organic food.
!, butter, frozen deserts, frozen fruits and vegetables, (during summertime) frozen burger patties, frozen vegan burger patties (!
But then comes all the amazingly tasty and crazy cheap delights found in the first 3 middle  aisles...
Prices are a bit higher than marc's but cheaper than giant eagle, heinen's, whole foods, etc.
We did actually eat vietnamese food at one of the "mall" locations.
The organic food section is new.
And you can find supplements and food here not available at other stores.
And they put out close to expiry items on sale at the front, so the food you buy stays fresh.
Great health food store if you're in the area!
The macarons are delicious.
Food was ready right on time for pickup.
Food is delicious, healthy and a great value!
The prepared foods section (cafe verde) is awesome!
I would really recommend stopping here to pick-up something healthy and delicious for lunch or dinner.
The food is much fresher than the local frys store.
They have everything you could ever want between the salad bars, hot bars and deli.
It has so many of the whole foods staples along with some pretty rad fresh products around the store.
I frequent this whole foods more often than the one in summerlin.
It's $16/pound, it's probably "choice" but it's delicious, like prime.
This has got to be the best whole foods in town.
It's huge and have a wide variety of nutritious and delicious food.
I love whole foods.
They have a legit deli with good sandwiches.
I love the open kitchen and seeing our food prepared.
Food is pricey but worth it!
They have a good variety of vegetarian/vegan food.
Food - very very good.
The food was hot and not too greasy.
Delicious bentos, love the onigiri, good selection of groceries.
Probably the best japanese food in town for the fraction of the price.
Whole foods must be one of the best super markets created.
The fruits here are amazing!
They also have other local goods and produce but the fruits were the highlights!
I would give the food a 4, but since they have the full grocery, it gets bumped up.
Really glad to see a new health food store in the area!
But also dog treat samples, and fresh fruit!
Some brands that i haven't seen carried at other health food stores such as sprouts or whole foods.
Needed two large fruit bowls for important customer meetings.
This type of service wouldn't happen at von's or albertsons   thank you richard and whole foods!
Makes the food taste so good.
The service is always fast and the food is always good!
The food is amazing, but the service is hit or miss.
The food (and my kids' love of it) always brings me back.
Additionally, their fresh food is great.
Serving great food and adult beverages.
I do yearn for fresh fruits and veggies there, but i'm still a fan.
It's made different here than what i'm used to but it's delicious on its own right.
I park, run into 99 ranch market, buy food, and now my coworkers are asking, "where did you get that?"
They all love the dishes and fresh fruit.
Went here for the yelp elite 2016 food event, totally worth it!
Although there was no romantic spaghetti slurping that night, we did enjoy some other amazing, home cooked italian food!
We were poured glasses of red and white wine, then the food arrived dish by dish.
Delicious falafel and baba ganoush
When there are any issues with food, they try to resolve it.
They've got the best, most unique junk food ever.
Excellent seasoned food with reasonable prices with served with southern hospitality.
Never would i have imagined that i could get food so good from a gas station/convenience store.
Food was hot and fresh; my compliments to the chef karina.
The food was great.
They have a bulk foods section that offers all sorts of grains, seeds, various flours, spices and herbs.
Prices are comparable or better than at whole foods.
Only taking down a single star though, because we loved our food!
Ristoranté delicieux et pas cher!
Excellent fresh middle eastern food.
I had a falafel and it was made with care and pickled vegetables in a thin wrap.
My husband had a platter of chicken kabob chicken kafta and falafel which came with hummus...all fresh and delish!
Highly reccommended for your middle eastern fresh food fix!
Wonderful flower, vegetable/fruit, meat, cheese, and bread/pastry shops.
Love the food and the area is much cleaner than the maryland parkway ghetto.
It's not fancy at all but the food is excellent.
And this store is the new go to for seafood.
Great work whole foods tempe.
Fresh hoagie rolls or other breads, lots of topping options, and even other deli sides.
I will be returning for all of my deli cravings.
Bread, cheese, meat, fish, vegetables, salads, fruit, etc.
A great selection and many european style foods!
When on st catherine w it's a great place to pick up some korean ingredients of quick food to go.
It's like an urban market that houses local gourmet food and drink.
It really is a gathering of hundreds of merchants selling everything from fruits, vegetables, flowers, etc.
), turkish delight, pain au chocolat, blueberry tart, oranges de seville, and apples.
I was super happy to find homemade turkish delight.
Fresh fish, vegetables and fruits.
I  like the food from the asian kitchen located inside the store.
En hiver il n'y a pas de vendeurs extérieurs mais on trouve tout de même des légumes et fruits locaux.
The three salads we ordered to go were each fresh and delicious.
Great persian food served by a friendly staff.
Whole foods has some great events, including their weekly 5x7 wine tasting on fridays from 5-7pm.
And if you are just looking to shop, whole foods has a great selection of high quality food.
The main focus seemed to be fruits and vegetables.
Besides deli foods they have a huge beverage section that includes wine and beer.
The service was great.. the food was phenominal.. and the prices are reasonable...
Everything here seemed fresh and was delicious.
Good cheap snacks and fruit!
It's a fantastic group of local and regional farmers, food artisans, and entrepreneurs with more than 15 restaurants and shops.
Delicious subs at a supremely reasonable price.
I had the vegetable torta sandwich and my friend had the grilled cheese.
Every single salad is cold, crisp and delicious.
I've only been for breakfast and it is delicious.
Closest whole foods to my house for the summer!
As good as diner food gets!
Great staff, great food and the value is much appreciated.
Absolutely gorgeous flowers outside in the warmer months, fruit, veggies, cheese, beer, and a tasty patiserrie on the premises!
The wait staff was helpful and friendly and the food was delicious.
This is a food lover's wonderland!
Besides fruits and veggies there are also several cheesemongers, fishmongers, butchers and even an oyster bar.
Most will be happy to strike up a conversation about food and life.
Yes, the shopping is great, but i'm talking about the deli sandwiches here.
Delicious fruits and veggies.
If you want a meal try the pork dish at the tête carrée food stand!
I bought oranges that were the size of grapefruits and grapefruits that were the size of melons.
They have the best food ever!
Always great selections and fresh food!!
They have lots of wine, beer, and limited liquor in addition to all the whole foods stuff you'd expect.
Definitely the best persian food in vegas.
Love the fresh dandelion greens they always carry for my green smoothies.
The food summed up; colorful, fresh, and delicious.
A knowledgeable staff member in that department keeps me coming back  thank you whole foods.
Love your tasty foods, your prices, your amazing variety of goods, and your fresh donas (doughnuts) that kicks dunkin's ass!
Didnt care much for the deli meat, it tasted old, other tha that its your typical, newer walmart.
My sandwich from the deli was delicious, expensive, but delicious.
I was barely able to finish both of them with the bacon, and they were delicious.
This market is buzzing with avid foodies!
There is a fruit stand at the end of the hallway that sells amazingly fresh fruit.
And i cannot describe how succulent the fruit are - you must try them for yourself!
He's extremely friendly and honest and such a delight to talk to!
A definite must for foodies!
Yes...i admit it...i've a soft spot for southern food.
Cbs were reminiscent of the food i grew up with in childhood.
Service was good (consistent with the fellow cbs i've been to across the country) and food hit the spot.
La marché jean-talon ou la place où j'achète tout mes fruits légumes fromages poissons et viandes malgré la distance.
It is the largest whole foods i have ever seen.
Obviously, they have local organic veggies, but it also has healthy smoothies, bbq, indian food, and the best rotisserie chicken.
Food came promptly and was prepared as requested - bacon burned, eggs over easy, etc.
Wow.really?one of the best of the best service,people and food in the us.highly recommended.
We have been coming here since they opened and it is the main place we shop at for food.
Fantastic produce, meats, fish, seafood, bulk items and an amazing vitamin selection for a great value.
We have breakfast here a few times a week and it's always delicious!
Dean & deluca is a great restaurant with amazing food & service!
This is hands down the best whole foods in las vegas!
I got something from the deli and the bakery.
Best fried chicken of all of the supermarket chicken deli's.
Wonderful market specializing in fruits and vegetables (at least when we were there).
Their pickles are awesome and delicious and it's really neat when you can find them in stores.
Somebody from work had gotten a dozen donuts to share and they are freaking delicious!
I normally shop at whole foods and occasionally earthfare because of their organic options.
The best pecorino romano, homemade italian sausage, quality deli meats.
Some vendors don't like you to taste their fruit before you buy it.
However, when it comes to cooked foods, longo's has them beat hands down.
The signage and set-up of this whole foods is perfect.
Wonderful fruits,  vegetables, cured meats,  honey,  flowers,  herbs, exotic desserts and other stuff.
It is pouring rain tonight but i needed to stop for food after a trip away.
Yes, the sensuality of food and produce exposed here.
The food was delicious.
But despite that, the food was authentic, delicious, and worth going back to.
This place is perfectly adequate as a handy neighbourhood fruit place.
1st time here... amazing food and staff.
Such a great sampling of all things food.
Out of all the whole foods in vegas this one is the best!
Much better and cheaper than whole foods.
The bulk section is unique and much easier to use than the section at whole foods.
One of the best mediterranean food in vegas!!
I always have good food when i come here.
I have to say i was surprised about the food.
The food is fairly inexpensive and it is good.
Anyone who wants great tasting, healthy non-gmo and organic food needs to visit this amazing grocery store.
Fresh and tasty food, always!
There is also a cheese shop called orman's that has delicious cheese.
This is the only store anywhere close that has the vegetables i need to cook with!
All the freshest fruits and vegetables can be found here.
You can even sample and taste how fresh the fruit is.
This market is a foodie's playground.
They always have the freshiest fruits and veggies.
Great selection of products and much cheaper than whole foods.
They had a lovely outdoor dining area and very fresh food!
Nice selection of packaged, local foods right here in lakewood!
Cookies and cupcakes were unique and delicious.
When you walk in, you will see frozen & refrigerated foods on your right side.
Then you will have about 5 aisles of asian foods.
Nothing like you will find from whole foods or any other american grocery stores.
But it is a wonderful place with every kind of food available.
Perfect peaches, berries, apples, tomatoes, herbs, vegetables.
The food there is just great.
Service is always friendly at the restaurant and the food is delicious.
The food is great especially the kubideh and their warm bread.
I was hesitant to start shopping at lowes foods because quite frankly, i didn't know what it was all about.
Lowe's foods is totally new to me.
I've never really loved a grocery store before but i love my lowe's foods.
They also have tons of other delicious meats that you can't find at a normal grocery store.
**food court/hot deli only**  their other location is closer to me, but i come here solely for the "hot deli."
Plus, they had all of kinds of interesting and convenient packaged foods -- cookie butter!
Their huge selection of frozen foods and other meal-helpers (e.g., simmer sauces) have been a lifesaver on many occasions.
For you food snobs....same company owns trader joes.
Whole foods was perfect for that.
Fresh food friendly employees
We were all so amazed at the high quality of the food.
I love the bakery department, delicious treats.
I enjoy coming here because of the great prices and the variety of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Fresh produces, vegetables, fruits, meat, baked goods.....
Best place to buy fruit in the valley of the sun.
Everything they offer here is top notch and delicious.
Their prosciutto is delicious and the made to order cannoli are amazing.
My main complaint is that the deli always closes early.
Great salad bar and selection of ready to eat foods for a quick lunch break.
Of course things are overpriced but we all know that is typical of whole foods.
Plus, the food, wine, beer, and produce is incredable.
The food is amazing!
I don't have to drive all the way to seafood market to buy some filipino goodies!
Variety of japanese baked good, chocolate, candy, food and even meals to go!
Lots of different options of cold and shelf foods.
The store is clean, people are friendly, fairly spacious, and the food is great.
Good place for buying authentic asian food  fresh fish of all kinds.
I found delicious dragon fruit and rice crackers.
The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
Vegebitez gives you that perfect mix of food and friendly everyone wants.
The food didn't take to long to arrive no more than 15 minutes and boy was it worth the wait!
Has some food places to eat on the inside, carries a much better variety of snacks and noodles.
I guess realizing that makes me think that there won't be anything forgotten at whole foods.
On a 'grocery store' level, this whole foods gets 5 stars that's for sure.
Whenever i shop at wholefoods vs. sprouts, my bill is about $10 more for the same stuff.
Served with a cup of seasonal fruit on the side not pictured.
At this store there was a  sample with belgian waffles, strawberries, and whipped cream...delicious!
I ordered the el guac burger, it was delicious.
The produce section offers quite an array of organic fruits and vegies.
Fantastic food great service and the bread is amazing many of lunches and not enough dinners spent here.
The chicken kabob is so delicious.
Super convenient after a south mountain hike and the food and drinks are amazing!
I would also probably vist more often if the service was good...but the food is pretty fab.
Teach them what acceptable food tastes like and never to settle on taste.
I have a love hate relationship with whole foods.
So frequently i find their overpriced food lacking in the flavor department.
After geeking out at fry's we stopped by this whole foods before our long drive back to la.
Back in boulder the whole foods stocked an excellent turkey meatloaf sandwich in the prepared food case.
I hazard to say that this ranks among the top food items i've acquired at any whole foods.
There's also a vietnamese place, but i haven't had the chance to try their food.
Food court's awesome for the budget-minded, hope they don't change their prices.
For the burger i had pineapple as a topping which was delicious.
Some cool interactive tables and a fruit ninja wall make it fun for the kids too.
Great food & wine selection.
Excellent catered foods too.
I go here to grab the sale of the prepared foods.
I have also gotten snacks and fruits here.
This place is a good place of authentic korean food and common staples in a home.
For a quick bite check out the asian counter at the whole foods cafe on mayo!
Tons of beef, great tahini, and fresh vegetables all served wrapped up and super hot.
Seriously- the food here is great.
It's the kind of place a health-conscious foodie can't wait to return to for some amazing ingredients.
They have delicious looking prepared foods and plenty of parking.
Great food store with a wide range of products.
Everything is made fresh and good quality food.
It's refreshing to find a locally owned alternative to whole foods and trader joe's!
Whole foods is probably one of my favorite places ever.
I honestly look forward to shopping at whole foods (maybe my life is a little too dull?)
They carry every health food product you could possibly imagine.
Their seafood and poultry/meat department will ever grill your dinner!!
I try new things from whole foods every time i shop there and i am always pleased.
Excellent cooked foods, homewares (which is occaisionally nice to have), joe fresh clothing, oh yeah & groceries too.
The food is generally always good but the staff here is what sets this location apart.
The whole foods employees are always very helpful and knowledgeable.
(the buttercream frosting is delicious).
Well stocked produce section, fish monger, great deli department.
Would like to see more vegetable and fresh meat selections.
Thank you dan and michael in the cooked food department for your amazing customer service!
Fresh and tasty food, always!
I am a regular customer here, and the food is consistently really good.
You get plenty of delicious, crispy bacon for the price.
I go there for the food.
However, the food has been consistently very, very good.
In addition to the bacon, the omelets, breakfast burritos, burgers, sandwiches, and chorizo are all delicous.
This sprouts is small but has it all, bakery, foods and some already prepared sushi.
Love persian food and they know how to serve it!
Food is delicious and amazing customer service.
I like that there are organic/ natural foods and everything "regular," if that is what you prefer.
The vendors were very friendly, the fruits and veggies were very fresh and tasty!
Everything was delicious and berry reasonable!
But its not a big deal, because you can freeze meats or eat the fruits that day or next.
Enjoyed a delicious breakfast with the family today at a local favorite.
First we stopped for fresh seafood and had oysters and sea urchin.
The vegetable selection could be better but what they really need is some serious organization.
Employees are nice, very clean, good variety of food, never too busy, just an over-all great grocery store!
After that i take my time perusing the fruits and vegetables looking for that something special.
The vegan mock chicken curry salad was delicious, as was their a kale salad.
There is also a small restaurant on site with israeli and american kosher food.
The selection is decent, the prices are average (for kosher food), but the service is terrible.
I love stopping here on my way back from work to get healthy food.
Their milk is even cheaper then foodland next door.
I get all my fruit & veg from here.
My favorite past time is waking up hungover on the weekend and walking into this lovely place for some food.
Once i am done throwing this delicious food down my gullet then there is even more to be had.
I love the fruit samples, i've had some of the sweetest baby tomatoes, grapes, and oranges i've ever eaten.
Freshest fruit and veggies in the beach.
The deli has fresh salads, they have fresh fish, fresh baked goods.
Food is just ok.
Good place to go for italian food.
We spent an hour there sampling the food, tasting the smoothies and having a good time.
The location of the restaurant is kind of hard to find but the food is pretty good.
I love a good food mart in any city and the marche jean-talon is a new favorite of mine.
Montreal is a food city, and this giant outdoor mart is a must-not-miss shopping and life experience.
There's a lot of floral/garden shops outside and the inside is filled with fresh produce and foods.
It's definitely a nice place to visit to for groceries, food, and flowers!
It's a huge market with fruits and veggies and lavender.
Plus a food court.
I got crepes from the creperie there and then looked around at the poutine, sausages, foie gras, fruits.
This is the best  persian food hands down in las vegas!
Fresh and delicious , have eaten here at least once a month for the last 6 years.
This store in general is quite large with great food options, a layout that makes sense, and friendly employees.
Please bring this whole foods to jersey.
The server was delightful--friendly, but she also knew instinctively when to come and go.
I visit the meat/seafood area and the sushi section.
And firm and unbruised fruit (yay), including a decent selection of ontario-grown, seasonal fruit ... all while still saving money!
I usually only go to whole foods for a few things.
This is a unique spot for pittsburgh considering the lack of local italian delis around.
I find items that i do not see, or notice, at a whole foods or sprout's.
Epic salt & pepper pork rinds-- delicious, and so spicy!
Kalona super natural organic reduced fat 2% cottage cheese-- must-try deliciousness!
Https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/natural-grocers-scottsdale?select=n6cdtglyrjtabsnwpqjx0w  the prices are still lower than the sale prices featured at whole foods and aj's!
Advance happy anniversary, natural grocers, and thank you for providing new, delicious, and good-for-me organic/non-gmo products!
Not very many persian restaurants in town, so i'm sooo happy they exist and their food is great.
Stall after stall of produce and a huge covered pavilion with prepared food and goodies.
The bulk foods include coffee and they have a huge selection of whole bean for under $6 a pound.
The butcher shop and seafood are top quality.
Whole foods has flash pasteurized milk and juice options which is pretty good in my book.
Getting all organic foods from vons is just as expensive as whole foods but without the wide selection.
The fruits and vegetables section alone take up the majority of the store.
They have odd organic fruits you usually can't find in oh.
The vegetables stay fresh longer, too!
This store is awesome, new, organized, and great selection of fresh seafood!
Has two restaurants in it for food on the go or even sit down eating after some great food shopping!
I always grab a sub so i don't have anything to say about the other food.
I think i waited 5 minutes before, maybe the deli manager?
I like their bakery section as well as the produce and the vegetables.
Some of the food i can get here but can't get anywhere else.
The mulch was delivered in a giant truck by the owner himself who wouldn't accept our tip.
I skip the vitamins and prepared food areas.
This is one of my favorite places to buy food.
I like whole foods: hot food section and salad bar.
Their seafood isle looked amazing, they have so much more stuff that i would  like to devour.
Whole foods offers, a whole lotta foods.
My husband and i were drooling in every food isle.
They have a variety of natural foods from local farmers, vegan dishes, fresh seafood, and much more.
Yumi suggested the chicken teriyaki which was delicious.
This review is for this whole foods location's cafe and deli.
I've had a love for whole foods cafe ever since i discovered them.
There is a sandwich bar that allows you to customize your sandwich with fantastic choices in breads and deli meats.
The ethnic food selection here is simply amazing: korean, chinese, japanese, even vietnamese sometimes.
They offer a good variety of breads, pastries and bagels in the deli.
It's my "food spa".
Huge prepared foods buffet.
Watch the youtube video: "keep it real in the whole foods parking lot" and prepare yourself.
Incredible selection of food tastings, at least 15-18, including wine and beer, cold cuts, cheeses and meats.
The bakery and vietnam food are great!
The only unhappiness is that someone( seems like filipino family couple with junior daughter) took our food.
The owner of the vietnam food didn't call us to take our order, instead she called this family twice.
Pay attention to your food order!
By the way, the vietnamnese restaurant is delicious!
This whole foods seems like it's been here forever, and for good reason.
I ventured to marche atwater this past long weekend to check out another food market in the montreal area.
Atwater has numerous food stalls to get your baked goods, meat and cheese fixings.
I would suggest coming hungry as you can sample the food you buy as you shop.
The vegetables and fish are awesome!
The food here is really good.
As someone who grew up eating mexican food i would come back here when ever i come back to montreal.
This place does have a good selection of organic food.
Of course, organic means pricey but this market has a good selection of ethnic food.
Food has never let me down and the new management (i think omar) seems to have turned the place around!
Rest of the food and service was very nice.
Fantastic food, great beer selection and great service.
Besides from the food, we had the best server i have had in awhile.
We go for the mimosas in the morning (delish!)
They have everything from seafood, to vegetables, and other food items... come check out the place.
Also, the vietnamese restaurants are really nice, with friendly service and good food!
Unfortunately, our vegas supermarkets don't really carry awesome meats and seafoods.
Primetime took advantage of this and started its own meat and seafood specialty shop.
When you walk in, let's be honest, it smells like raw meat and seafood.
Love their food and pear/ginger juice!
I had the caprese chicken sandwich and it was delicious.
The service was excellent and the food came out quickly.
Overall i do highly recommend that you go here for healthy, affordable, organic/good for you foods.
Meats, cheeses, and seafoods are available in all sorts of varieties.
Delicious aromas waft from food stands: i saw tacos, curry, baked goods, pastries, and turkish food to name a few.
I almost weeped because i wanted to bring home bags of fruit, vegetables, and flowers.
This is the place to get authentic japanese food supplies.
I recommend this place to everyone looking for japanese food supplies.
Great place for organic, hard to get delicacies.
Their cooked food at the deli was overcooked at five in the afternoon.
I was that hearts-in-eyes emoji when i saw the fresh seafood counter with beautiful scallops.
I turned into kissy-face emoji when i filled up my growler with delicious arizona beers.
They have really good fresh food for reasonable prices.
Food was delicious, reasonably priced, and the service was friendly.
The also serve food.
What, and not one of those dingy supermarket with fruit flies all over the expired food either.
This is a health-food supermarket.
It is smaller than a typical supermarket but much larger than a typical health-food store.
The prices are much closer to typical supermarket prices: this is much cheaper than the average health-food store.
Also, this is an excellent place for people with various food allergies or sensitivities to shop.
I've tried many health-food stores and this would be among the best, both in terms of price and selection.
This place has amazing food for such a small and quaint location.
Some of the best food i've had in the area!
Very good place to shop for healthy food .
I go there and get the fresh squeeze vegetable juices often .
Deli staff and meat staff are friendly and helpful.
The paper bags in my hands, bulging with deliciousness, give me away every time.
But - nearly every single thing they do have is incredible, delicious, well-priced, and made from natural ingredients.
Except the pet food.
The prices are more than your average no frills but the food is also much fresher than no frills.
You do get what you pay for when it comes to food.
I love mediterranean food and this place is very close to where we live.
Awesome place for food shopping from local farmers.
There's a nice store where you can buy lots of dry foodstuffs and nuts in bulk.
Food is diner food....just that...nothing exceptional, but tasty, plentiful & cheap.
I got the katsudon bowl and it was delicious.
If we all support organic, local food, those big companies would be forced to change!!
A very community minded feel as well as the greatest healthy food selections is what you will find here.
I love whole foods because they literally carry everything i could possibly need/want.
Their hot food dept and salad dept is amazing.
Now on to the food..... holy yum!!!
The biggest difference i noticed with this location is the food court.
For under $12 (with tax), it was a great deal for a complete delicious meal.
Wow, that was a really great thing to do, and very appreciated...because that pizza was delicious!!
Such a clean and neatly organized market with rows and rows of fresh fruit and vegetables and everything in between.
We ended up not eating here but there were a few food vendors that looked good.
Excellent place to buy snack foods, frozen meals, delicious frozen desserts, and a generally healthy food.
Wonderful food and the friendliest service.
The buffet is the best with a variety of different foods.
Live music in whole foods!
I also got the fresh fruit on the side, and a great deal with fresh berries, grapes, kiwi, etc.
I had to get the pancakes ($6) w/fruit ($1) and side of potatoes ($3) and coffee.
Seating was easy, food came out together within 15 minutes.
I'll have to come back for the outdoor markets and food truck fridays.
This is my go-to place for mexican food items.
I also really like their queso fresco and mexican fruit juices and sodas.
Whole foods is the best option on the east side for organic produce.
The pollo taco was unremarkable, and everyone at the table thought the food needed more seasoning.
Even other regulars know you can count on amazing food and terrible service.
But the food is amazing and keep bringing me back.
We browsed the spices and delicacies while waiting for our food to be ready.
We had our family meal and everyone thought it was delicious.
They specialize in ethnic foods!
I love their produce section as well as their seafood the whole store is just cool.
I love the perfectly displayed fruits, overgrowing bounty of flowers, and little shops in and area this open air market.
A variety of locally sourced food can be found here.
Awesome atmosphere, friendly service, and great food.
Must stop if you're looking for good priced great mexican food
But here, a "quesadilla" is a big, crisp, bursting, flavor bomb - - a crunchy flavor delight.
For vegas, this place has the best food in vegas.
Also, they have a fabulous clearance rack for food!
Now don't go and buy all your food for the month off the clearance rack,  they are almost expired o_o
I want to call this fresh and fruity (an ihop knee-jerk reaction)...
Also, this store sells wild caught seafood, and has an in-store bakery and deli.
I really love this food chain market.
Great, reasonably priced food.
For starters, about three weeks ago i decided to spend only $100 dollars on snacks and food for work.
To this day there is still a bunch of food left.
They offer a lot of organic vegetables as well.
There are many different options from drinks to desserts, and all are unique and delicious.
It also doubles as a farmers market, which is awesome because you can buy more food from cheeses to wines!
Their deli counter and fish counter is actually pretty good and definitely better than the teet.
I think they specialize in "entertainment" eating so lots of easy to cook semi-prepped food like kabobs, crab cakes, etc.
Bottom line: not cheap, this upscale market has quality food, lovely environment and great service.
Trader joe's is quality food sold at cheaper prices that the greedy eagle.
One thing i don't like is how trader joe's is perceived as a heath food store.
Definitely la dolce vita and a great haven for foodies!
I will definitely continue to buy seafood from them in the future - the norwegian salmon was amazing.
Once upon a time, i hated food lion.
What made me to switch to food lion was the target remodel.
Thus, my love affair with food lion began.
I immediately noticed that food lion's produce was much better in both price and quality than target and sam's.
Food lion can also beat sam's meat prices if you get them on special.
I have never paid less than $2.99 a pound at food lion.
However, overall, food lion slays harris teeter price wise on everything else.
For example, fresh pineapple is typically $1.99 at food lion and $2.99 at harris teeter.
Anyway, back to this food lion.
It could also just be my taste buds...   lastly, be sure to use the food lion app!
I ordered two fish tacos yesterday and they were outstandingly delicious--fresh, flavorful, lime wedges provided on the side.
Overall, if you love food, this is a must-see attraction in montreal.
Their just organic food instead of cheap processed food."
They have a wonderful variety of frozen fruit, too.
I did notice this time around prices are steeper and the bags are smaller for the frozen food.
All the beautiful colors of fruits and vegetables.
It kills me when i'm on vacation and can't get any fruits.
Great place to stock up on fruits and vegetables for snacks during the day.
Great job on delivering the product earlier than quoted.
I feel like i am getting an education in the asian food world here.
They have a plethora of japanese products and foods that are difficult to find in this town.
We frequent the deli when we can't agree on what we want for dinner if i don't feel like cooking.
It was delicious and perfectly cooked.
All in our party had great food & service.
Food was very good with a large helpings.
Great atmosphere & fantastic food.
Thanks whole foods for adding happiness to my life!
If you want light, simple, authentic mexican food, you've come to the right place.
The food:  i ordered a steak taco, taco al pastor, steak tostada and chicken quesadilla.
The pastor was the clear winner -- juicy, flavorful, delicious.
And all of that food, with a mexican coca-cola, was less than $13.00.
I've been here twice and both times the food was delicious.
Food economics and food security are pet interests of mine.
The biodiversity of this planet and the food it produces should be affordable to all.
So it always bothers me to see overpriced food, especially when there's a "snob appeal" angle factored in.
Best time to buy food here?
They also have fresh vegetables.
We wanted to enjoy a meal outside and the market has several prepared foods.
They have some pasta salads, a salad bar, wraps, veggies and fruit.
Although the food items are a little expensive, they have really, really cheap wine.
From produce to hot foods, organic, gf, fresh baked goods- you name it, constantino's has somethign to suit everyone!
The fruit & vegetables are in good condition.
I was able to find a lot of the foods that i miss and more!
Not the meat, or cheese , or fresh vegetables and fruit.
I got some fish for tonight as well as some fruit and vegetables.
Sassy's brought the most delicious cakes and they looked fantastic!
The food at cracker barrel is consistently good.
There are all sorts of coffees, candies, fresh fruit, meats (raw and cooked).
Cheap prices for such good food.
We have recently started to enjoy the chocolate and almond croissants in the frozen food isle.
Large selection of asian produce, meats, seafoods, fresh baked goods, and grocery items.
Oh, and buy some fruit and veggies.
The food and the prices make it one of the best options for mexican in madison.
Absolutely everything we have had there has been delicious and reasonable priced.
I really enjoy the food.
The horchata is delicious and we've always been pleased with the margaritas.
I continued to walk around and i saw a lot of foods that were not found in gallaria.
I really like the homemade food they serve here from behind the counter.
Well, a little messy but oh so delish!
The food was delicious.
Super cute little food court with little stores.
There are multiple options of food or beer at a little bar inside.
More organic produce than whole foods and better prices!
It ranks natural grocers, whole foods, then sprouts, in my opinion.
One of the better whole foods i've been to in the country.
They have a very nice selection of prepared foods and healthy and quick to microwave.
Whole foods, whole paycheck.
At least this is what most people say about whole foods.
To grab a quick bite you can get something quick and healthy everytime, and it usually tastes delish!
The shops, the diverse cultures, wafting smells of street food magically come together at mekong plaza.
Mesa residents, can i express how jealous i am that you have access to such a delicious mecca?
All cheaper than whole foods and giant eagle!
I ended up purchasing all natural cat food (hopefully my persnickety feline appreciates it!
Also, their coffee is delicious and the k cups are $5.99 for a pack-awesome deal!
Incredible fish selection; branzino and sea bream for much less money than whole foods and the pompano...
I think it is the nicest asian market in town and considerably better than seafood city.
The food is a little more than the grocery stores but you pay for the convenience.
For being a tiny market, it has a lot of varieties of japanese products from food to beauty items.
They also offer fresh seafood, such as uni, tuna, salmon and a small selection of veggies and fruits.
Good selection of food and the prices.
It has a lot of new foods to choose from.
The food was delicious and the staff was very friendly.
Food took a little bit but it was mother's day!
Granted i have not had anything from their deli - it all looks yummy!
Prepared hot food items are delicious too
I felt like i was home while walking around whole foods.
Food was consistent and same with the overpriced products they sell.
Lovely place to get delicious crepes, sausages, and french macaroons to die for!
The food isn't life changing- but it's good.
It is cheap and delicious.
I usually stop at trader joe's when i don't feel like paying whole foods prices.
However, this tj's does have a nice frozen food section.
Here, you can find frozen lunches, asian, thai, and mexican cuisine, and also frozen vegetables.
The food was absolutely awesome !!
They also have some "ghetto" brands i've never heard of in canned goods, and frozen foods.
* crepes (made to order) -- also in the food court/sitting area; very well done and tasty to boot!
I didn't know if i could bring the fruit back but we took a few peaches back home anyway!
The closest thing to real mexican food i have found since moving to the midwest!
However, you  do have to read the labels because, a lot of the food items are from china.
Food is fresh and good.
The most awesome place to buy excellent and fresh food ever!
King's orchard produce/broxburn vegetables/lund's certified organic vegetables.
I just kept picking up whatever fresh veggie and fruit i liked.
I also purchased several cuts of deli meats from jackson's deli.
Awesome food, great employees.
The food is healthier and taste better.
This place is outstanding, authentic (i think) mexican food that everybody should enjoy.
The food here beats almost all of the japanese restaurants i've been to.
Fresh produce, seafood, deli, lots of protein, tons of wine, a full liquor store, salad bar, sushi bar, etc.).
Friendly service, excellent food, and great prices!
Having travelled to mexico, this food is very authentic and comparable to high end restaurants there.
The wait for food was not terrible long.
Food was good, but greasy; if that's what you like, then go for it.
Calabrese sausage in the most delicious tomato sauce.
Penne calabrese was that delicious sausage meat in the same great sauce.
Piles of delicious prosciutto on top of a thin crispy pizza is the way every meal should be.
I never tougth that i can find good food in a gas station.
They make your food its not like its been staying in there for 6 hours.
They have machines if you like to play  while waiting for your food.
I don't think i've ever seen such organized fruit and vegetables in my life - the pears, oranges, tomatoes, etc.
Many of the fruit stands also offer samples too.
It was quite pricy for a tiny cup but pretty delicious, especially the apricot milk.
First, know it's an asian market with a heavy slant to filipino foods.
Good old fashioned american greasy spoon food - comfort food galore.
It was by far the best persian food i had in the states.
We bought everything from food to bowls, etc.
Service = great  food = delicious   i absolutely love this place.
Pricy, but thats what you pay for organic food.
All the vegetables looked fresh and beautiful.
Few that we tried were delicious.
So much fun walking up and down the aisles taking pictures of all the whimsically charming fruit and veggie venders.
Being a tourist without a kitchen though, cheese samples and food stalls were the highlight.
Instead of driving all the way to seafood city, i just come here.
Every friday is foodie friday fun!
Me: "i went to whole foods and it was great!"
You see, every friday night whole foods hosts a "foodie friday" event for a whopping  $5!!!
I could wax poetic about their deli and meat department.
Their deli offers good salads for in a pinch.
Food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs.
Also a great selection of sausages and fresh seafood.
Now on to the food..... holy yum!!!
‍)   i great place to wander for a bit and grab some yummy food.
First visit to branded meats, as i usually get my steaks from whole foods.
I think i could have it 3 times a day so delicious.
Their selection of ready made / frozen food has been getting very impressive, and affordable.
It's so convenient to have warm food ready to eat!!!
There was a sign on the door that said, "vegan's delight!"
They were truly delicious.
The market was presented as a solution to the food insecurity issues in charlotte.
Since that time, the market has transitioned into an incubator of sorts for new food businesses.
I believe similar concepts are needed in the charlotte area for food businesses that are in earlier stages of development.
Lots of yummy options with different types of food bars.
They all take pride in their food and have some great suggestions for recipes.
So sad to say the natural food depot is no longer in business.
The place was clean and all food looked well prepared and stored.
No generic feeling food here.
Don't forget to swing by the discounted section for super cheap food that's still good.
I think i learned a lot about food prep from just hanging around the store on occasion.
Whole foods is not your average grocery store since it's more of a high-end specialty food store.
The selection of meat, seafood, wine, produce, and prepared food is amazing.
When we return home to wisconsin, we will check out the local whole foods.
I feel whole foods is a travelers oasis.
Apparently the steaks here are really great, and they have a nice deli with loads of sammies.
There's sushi, pizza, breakfast foods, beers, wines, pastries, sandwiches..sigh.
I wish i was super hungry to try more of the foods there.
I liked that i could also take my food over to tank's tap to enjoy a beer with my lunch.
Great food , friendly staff.
They have a  great selections of delicious persian foods.
The food is so good .
It's lay out is very similar to whole foods, only lowe's sell organic and non organic products.
You can get a pepsi here, not at whole foods.
This is one of my favorite health food stores.
I wished the red ribbon offered food options because i really do love the aroz caldo and empanada from here.
They have high quality food items and a lot of things you cannot get elsewhere.
All the food is a little special without being over priced.
Just the right size and pretty as well as uniquely delicious.
Quality food at a reasonable price!
The thing i love about trader joe's is the great selection and quality of the food.
Groceria merante's deli has the best sandwiches in pittsburgh, at the best prices.
Plus, the grocery is fantastic, with imported italian foods.
One day, a pitt student wandered out of bed, hungover, and walked down to the local deli.
The guac was incredibly creamy and delicious, and the chips tasted freshly made, as well.
Everything was delicious, and the wait staff was quite friendly.
This whole foods has been a must stop every time i come back to lv.
Great everyday food for breakfast or lunch.
When i'm cooking, i mean really cooking, i'll only shop at whole foods.
Went to whole foods and had a whole selection of beautifully marbled, dry-aged strips and ribeyes to choose from.
The food is fresh, portions are very generous, and just plain delicious!
The people who pour the wine and cook the food are very personable.
The service and food are consistenly good.
I usually order the blueberry pancakes which are very filling and delicious.
Whole foods on mayo blvd is lucky to have him there.
They have a great selection of dips and snack foods.
I would recommend this quaint japanese market to any foodie looking to venture into japanese cuisine!!
High quality food, low prices, excellent produce, and fantastic frozen entree/appetizer section.
The quality of the food is wonderful.
I also love the cold pressed juices by the fruit section, they have a different selection everyday.
Organic and local food
I have a breville juicer, and love to make different combos of fruit and vegetable drinks.
Serves as my office, bakery, coffee shop, pizzeria, sandwhich spot, sushi spot, deli, bar, meeting space and general hang out.
The service was fast and the food was good.
Heavy southern food with delicious biscuits and mouthwatering homemade jam.
The food was served fast.
The coffee is delicious as are the pastries.
Fresh food, great organic choices
Amazing deli sandwiches and bakery.
Best selection of delicious store made sides ever.
Seafood department to rival the coast.
It's nice to have another option to whole foods and sprouts.
Otherwise, they also have a large selection of frozen seafood.
The food is delicious, the environment is great and they are very earth-friendly :).
The prices aren't very cheap, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.
They have an outstanding deli.
Ensuite dirigez-vous vers la partie fruits et légumes.
Et mon conseil fraicheur, passez par mangue & melon et prenez vous un authentique smoothie avec de frais fruits frais!
They have both locally grown and organic foods and the cheese wheels in there are like nothing i've ever seen.
The selections of food, wine, beer etc is just amazing here.
Since 1990, serge has become an artisan of delicious treats.
Free samples of different food.
I love the seafood & meat selection.
I stopped here bc someone informed me about them cooking your food.
They were barely opened and already the ladies were prepping some sushi and ready-made food in the back.
It has a pharmacy and deli but no meat/butcher department nor a in store bank and no fuel center.
Great experience and food all around.
It was delicious just as she promised it would be.
One of the best deli's around!
Their little restaurant inside the grocery market makes excellent food.
There are also some restaurants, cafes, middle eastern food stands, and a bakery surrounding the market.
Whole foods is great great salad bar!
Very delicious though very pricey.
Also superstore is the same 4, fresco only allows 2, and food basics will not price match.
Healthy home market is our local (and cheaper) whole foods.
Highly recommend it to people who like mexican food and want take-outs or a quick meal.
Great food, awesome service, clean place, everything you need of a persian meat, cheese, vegetable, candies, spices and can produce.
The produce section was amazing with a large variety of fresh fruit and veggies.
Aside from fresh vegetables, which would have to be purchased elsewhere, this place has everything.
All the fruits and vegetables were fresh and there was an abundance of everything!
There were other different small businesses/vendors selling food also, like you would see in most markets.
County market has completed its lengthy remodeling process, and it was well worth the wait!
It's a smaller whole foods, but filled with good stuff!
Love the selection of cheeses and the deli.
It pains me sometimes to think that it's kinda been painted with a wide "health food grocery" brush.
The bentos they offer are delicious.
Blows my whole foods in philly out of the water!
Small and quaint with a sufficient variety of products from sweets, bakery goods, drinks, frozen foods including meats and vegetables.
Her cakes are amazing though, and my wedding cake was beautiful and delicious!!
It's hard to pinpoint what makes the food so great but it's your standard country style breakfast.
My main reason for visiting are the food items and boy this place didn't disappoint.
The staff is always amazing and the food is to die for!
First and foremost, the food is delicious - my daughter had the blt, and the bread was fantastic.
Dear whole foods at cedar center,  when i moved to cleveland, you embraced me in your expensive arms.
To be able to purchase healthy prepared food in a pinch was so amazing.
2 bucks for a fresh delicious coconut!
It's the only market besides seafood city that has fresh wild caught fish , shrimp and claims!
There are also some typical deli items like european teas, mustards, syrups.
Great market with fresh fruits, honey, maple syrup and many plants.
The foods there is okay.
It takes up a huge space and is filled with row after row of fruit, vegetable, maple, flower, etc.
As a tiny freshman at ut, i was taken to whole foods (lamar location) and i have never turned back.
I love whole foods, from their abundant selection of vegan and vegetarian options to their wonderful employees.
I guess my only novel input for this review is for all the people who call whole foods "whole paycheck."
Each thursday, whole foods announces the new sale items.
Fun atmosphere, local goods and food.
Great place great food mostly great people running this place!
Delicious food and amazing quality !
I didn't get to experience all the delights.
The store is massive, the selections on products are endless, its clean, and the food bar is awesome!
I get happy walking in and seeing that huge foodbar!
This is a review of the food court only.
I also like that the food court is separated from the chaos of the store itself.
Tried the food from the restaurant area...delicious.
Right when i walked in, i was transported to a local deli in nyc.
I highly recommend the colombian empanadas with meat and potatoes, the chorizo tacos and the fresh squeezed passion fruit juice.
Can't rave enough about how bomb the food is.
The food is super fresh and the customer service has been nothing but good.
The food is fresh and the prices reasonable.
I love great service accompanied with marvelous food and this place offers both!
Food is consistent, restrooms are clean, and staff is always friendly and helpful.
For anyone not made of money, it's natural to resist the upscale, crunchy appeal of whole foods market.
And the amount of food offerings are vast.
I was able to get some delicious, authentic cadbury chocolate and some of mr. kipling's pies, very yummy!
The place to go is hillside spot great food great atmosphere great spot to take the family.
This whole foods  in town square las vegas was very good.
I think this whole foods would do well to have a whole aisle dedicated to single serving sizes.
In general i love whole foods and hate to "criticize" but i think they will "take it the right way"...
- i got my whole foods las vegas reuseable bag here.
I really like the juice bar everything is fresh and so delicious.
I sampled every single fruit water and the horchata.
This is a rustic little place that has a bunch of fun foodie things.
Japanese foods in mad city, that's the oriental shop.
The food is my favorite and the owners are the sweetest!
I love shopping in ethnic food stores.
This is a great little place to visit to familiarize yourself with east indian spices and food.
I also noticed rye breads and pickled vegetables.
I definitely need a whole foods in my hometown.
This las vegas location seems to be a big store with a big variety of fresh food option.
Food is always good.
They have a good variety of fruits and veggies.
But i've enjoyed coming here of late for their really fresh fruits, dried snacks, and frozen goods.
The food is fresh, and the people are friendly.
In fact the lineup for the food was longer than the lineup to pay for your purchases.
Great little market and fast food restaurant.
They grind the beef on site so it's very fresh the deli counter is nice.
:)  read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
They have fresh veggies and fruits.
The food in this little behind the scenes cafe is off the charts.
I think this store makes more sense, because it has the produce, bakery, deli, and all that near each other.
They are convenient and delicious, especially when you catch them on sale.
The deli counter, the wine store, pure pizza, the fresh local produce, sushi....
We then experienced a quick delivery of our selected options.
The four star rating was because of the great food and the impressive service recovery.
The kebabs were delicious!
The falafel sandwich was also really delicious.
The deli is cool and the fried chicken that they make  is very tasty.
They have fresh bread, deli meat and produce.
The chicken was delicious, but let me tell you... that seasoning on the beef was heavenly.
The food was fantastic!!
Don't go here expecting a fancy meal, go here expecting some delicious food and some excellent service.
Great space with local vendors featuring food, coffee, wine, cheese, chocolates, and gift items.
A wide selection of organic food with reasonable price this short phrase can explain well the traits of this market.
There are so many different food options..all of which are amazing.
She kindly explained each food item and directed us to where in the store we could find each one.
Not only was the dinner she had cooked up delicious, it was different.
Delicious, inexpensive, gourmet-like meals that make me look like a rock-star mom and wife.
The quality and taste of the food stands at a higher level than any of their competition.
It is fresh and delicious very time.
They also have a row of "international foods" which really is mostly latin countries.
Fresh food menu items are available in this nice small shop.
Friendly service, and good food!
They have managers specials that are fantastic like 6 pieces of mixed fruit for just a buck!!
The wait made it feel like dinner, but the food was worth the wait!
Ordered the chicken and waffle with siracha and it was delicious!
I like this whole foods better than the one on chagrin.
Great produce selection, to-go foods, and everything in between!
C) the food feels organic.
E) the selection of food is amazing!
Ive been coming here since the opened and the food has always been great!
Great food great prices.
As far as food, we normally order the koobideh and that is delicious at home and at the establishment.
Delicious and prices are reasonable!
I am happy that this health food oasis in the middle of decadence city exist.
And after paying casino prices for food and drink whole foods is a blessing in the "value" department
6) no authentic asian food place with some roast duck, roast pig, or other hanging?
The asian food place in there looks like something from the mall.
And i have to say i was pleasantly surprised by the overabundance of  delightful quaintness.
Their food is great, unique ingredients on many of thier menu items.
The best food ever!!!
If you are looking for persian deliciousness this is the right place to find it.
We usually buy all that they have they are so delicious.
I am a big fan of whole foods market and their products.
The stores are always clean and the fruits and vegetables always look fresh!
During the summer, whole foods sponsor fresh52 which is a farmers market on the weekends.
Overall, whole foods market has many fresh and organic products that won't disappoint!
Let me explain what is the difference between woodman's and pretentious grocery stores like whole foods.
I'll also point out a recent feature that got me really pleased: the frozen seafood section is amazing.
This is the best whole foods market in the cleveland area!
That being said, there are still plenty of stalls to try cheese, meats, fish, pizza, fruits, vegetables, etc.
I found more variety in gluten-free products than i did find in my whole foods near me.
Food, beauty products, dvds, and obentos are all japanese.
After several visits it's become my regular spot for mediterranean food.
The chicken kabobs ($9.99) are well seasoned and usually enough food for two meals.
But it was delicious!
We ordered delivery through bite squad and it was so good!
However if you have left overs the food doesn't stay very well.
It's like whole foods and trader joes had a baby... who ended up with the best of each parent.
The organic fruit was very fresh and reasonably priced.
If you are a whole foods/trader joes/sprouts lover, you'll love natural grocers.
If you forget, you can use their recycled food boxes.
We picked up lots of sliced fruit for the car ride home.
Rows and rows of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Beautiful, fresh foods and delicious samples in this open air market.
Lots of fresh fruits/veggies to choose from and samples to taste, too.
I'm so excited there is a seafood city in my new neighborhood!
This seafood city seems a bit newer compared to the other i've visited.
They offer basic filipino food like pancit, lumpia, adobo!
As one elderly man remarked as he exited the market "..i've just emerged from a food jungle."
You can spend hours touring the vendors and sampling the fresh-cut fruit at each stall.
It is my hope that all cities can one day have a year-round farmers market/food court such as this.
Love the selection of nuts and freeze dried fruits.
There is a great selection of frozen foods.
They always have fresh fruits and veggies, with plenty of unique items.
Whole foods is well known for quality groceries that you often can not find at other grocery stores.
The ready made food available for take-outs all look delicious.
It's high quality food for the price.
Back to the food.
I kid you not, i have to restrain myself from running up to the bulk food dispensers and kissing them.
Everything i've tried there has been delicious.
Clean and modern harris teeter with a large hot food area.
Great italian market with wide variety of cheeses, meats, olives and premade foods.
Great selection of brit comfort foods.
Not to mention the cheese was delicious!
Wonderful staff, and by far some of the tastiest mediterranean food i've had in quite some time.
They have a ton of food vendors and grocers.
Seafood, meat, crepes, and much more.
The food is fantastic and very reasonable in price.
I like anise in foods, but i don't like it in toothpaste.
They smoke some of the foods, and it can make for a very delicious and moderately priced lunch.
Everything from the essential shelf-stock items, to refrigerated vegetable, frozen goods, and general store items.
The fruit, vegetables, meat and fish are reasonably priced, and on sale means, on sale.
All these food places are all under richtree?
They're basically operating an entire food court.
Oh, one more thing:  they offer free classes on various subjects dealing with natural food and health.
I've called twice now to have meat/product held and the butcher block always delivers.
The tables split the area between the food and the flowers and produce.
We walked everywhere; in between the aisles of flowers and in front of fruit and vegetable selling booths.
Adonis is one of my fave places to come food shopping on a monthly basis!
Also their seafood selection is excellent and price is very very reasonable.
Adonis is a fantastic place to come if you are hosting and your guests are down with middle eastern food.
The cafeteria food is outstanding and authentic.
The margaritas were decent and a good compliment for the food.
Extra credit for having a hot food bar dedicated to vegan dishes.
Whole foods is of course, pricy.
This is the closest to my friend's homemade persian food i've found in vegas to date!
Food was, again, delicious and hot.
I've fed my family some of the most delicious meats, better than any so called, "4-star restaurants," around here.
I am surprised that whole foods is good for happy hour.
If you are hungry, you can go to the deli/prepared foods area to grab something.
The food is just spectacular and the service is extremely friendly.
Sometimes i'll find the perfect fruit/veggie, other times they look battered & bruised.
There's a hot foods & prepared foods case, which i've never visited.
Large frozen foods section.
(savvy shoppers note: these products are sometimes cheaper at whole foods.
I live for this whole foods.
I've been to whole foods on lots of my travels and none compare to this one in particular.
If you're in vegas and sick of strip food, head a little south and get some healthy grub.
Clean, easy to navigate and very fresh food.
I read an article that whole foods has been lowering their prices but it didn't seem like it.
Well done whole foods!
Convenience store food and pretty good beer/drink selection with decent prices.
The food is fresh and price is good at this great location near the subway.
There are all kinds of mysterious korean foods to try.
I like to buy fruits, vegetables seaweed and eggs.
This is my go to whole foods.
Don't put you damn dog where i put my food.
Great food, fresh and everything is always made fresh to order.
In addition the fruit and produce is always kept up to date and won't spoil quickly.
The service was fast and friendly however no check back on the food until we finished.
But i am sort of a health freak and i'm really glad whole foods market exists.
Some beautiful food, though.
The food was great , service outstanding and price was right.
Food was hot, portions were a good size, well made & tasted very fresh.
They also have a good deli counter, and some frozen goods.
Everyone in every department was a delight and acted like they like being there.
We both had breakfast items, burrito and omelet, both were delicious.
For $14 i thought my food wasn't that great but i enjoyed the overall experience.
Love the fruits and vegetables selection, everything looked beautiful and even laid out perfectly!
The bulk food section of spices can also be a great deal.
They always deliver your vehicle in tip-top shape, and every 10th car wash is free.
Girlfriend and i came to eat and it was good food, clean place and nice staff.
Thank you for the delicious food.
Has its own food court that taste great.
Always nice to see fresh japanese fruits and vegetables.
C est le lieu où je fais mes courses de légumes/fruits, été comme hiver!
I love their bulk section, a lot of options from nuts, dried fruits to flours, beans.
Candy, snacks, food type items, and pre-made lunches.
Deli crew is very customer service oriented, and patient..i would lose it.
But, they're wierd about not filling some medicine, even to "valued customer" that buys all of her food there.
The atmosphere, fresh vegetables and fruits, cheese and all the necessities needed are there!
The staff is super friendly, and deli sandwiches are also great.
The fruit selection is impressive.
Lol- i think we can all agree trader joe's food is amazing.
It was delicious with big pieces of strawberry.
Delicious sandwiches and salads.
Plan your visit right and enjoy the food.
Great fresh vegetable options throughout the market.
Great food options all around the market too.
Pick up some fresh vegetables or fruit to take back to your place and enjoy on your trip.
Then enjoy one of the food places around the outside of the market.
We both really enjoyed our food.
The vegetables here are high quality and presented so nicely.
In regards to the food, everything is super fresh and made with care!
I travel a lot, and so far this has got to be my favorite whole foods.
They have lots of oatmeal choices, something delicious called congee that's basically vegan chicken rice, and some soy chorizo potatoes.
And definitely a great place to grab food from the hot bar.
Foodwise, we started with the cucumber and yogurt dip.
Both entrees were delicious.
Most mediterranean spots i go to i usually love because their food is always packed with flavor.
So nice to have a quality shop to get some staples and specialty food.
Small, clean, bright and great smelling food.
Sprouts is like the love child of whole foods and trader joe's.
The fruits, veggies, and herbs sprouts offers are always fresh, in great shape, and usually cost less than other stores.
I'm also in love with the quinoa with dried cranberries their deli has ready for me (well, anyone).
Sprouts also has a meat counter with seafood and a lovely bulk selection.
Bottom line: cheaper than whole foods, more selection than trader joe's.
The prepared food section makes it so much fun to shop here!
I have found fruits and vegetables that i haven't found in other places.
Ate a healthy breakfast of fruits and a zucchini (which is my favorite) muffin.
I'll have to try the prepared food sometime.
It's hard to have anything bad to say about whole foods.
If you want fresh, good and organic food, whole foods is the place.
Go to fridays 5 by 7: every friday from 5 - 7 pm, whole foods hosts a wine tasting event.
I really enjoy whole foods' salad bar in general, and the same can be said of this location as well.
The quality of the food is great and worth the price!
This is one of the whole foods locations in the las vegas area that i have frequented the most.
The skinny: craving mediterranean food - this place totally satisfies from their decadent mushi to the koobideh kabob.
The sandwiches are loaded with onions, tomatoes, green peppers and cucumbers with a ?yogurt sauce and is oh so delicious.
I was a little bit curious about their torshi - it's some form of persian pickled vegetables.
Overall, this a great little neighbourhood joint that serves some delicious, intriguing eats for reasonable prices.
We were able to find seats at the oyster bar and seafood counter right away and all service was friendly.
Food was amazing .... an i just love supporting local small business !
Typically, i find with "natural" and "health" food stores, they are a little bit institutional looking.
This is where i get all of our fresh fruits and veggies as well as nuts, etc.
:)  read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
I went to food good and picked local loaf.
I love the food there but i also love the atmosphere of the whole place.
After trying some of the different food they offer.
Definitely a good place to eat some good food.
The family is always here to make sure that you're doing good and you like the food.
Their hummus, cheese, and frozen food section are the best.
Lots of parking, great selection of organic and natural foods, and good prices.
Really fresh tasting, very flavorful, mediterranean food.
My mom who has never had mediterranean food really enjoyed her beef wrap.
I ate the other half of her wrap the next day and it was delicious!
This was such an amazing market with fresh produce, food and flowers.
Great variety of foods, both fresh produce and prepared foods.
Reasonable prices on seafood and meat.
This is probably the best compare foods i've been to in charlotte.
My favorite grocery store, and place to buy wine and organic food.
Not a massive selection like whole foods, but more affordable pricing.
Good to hang out with friends for some food, beers and wine.
Good sales on party food.
What a great whole foods location!
So there is always controversy over the cost at whole foods.
They do catering and their food is always a hit.
One of my most favourite things to do any where in the world is go to food markets.
I love tasting seasonal fruits & vegetables, and also seeing what the local meat vendors are all about.
This is such a great thing, and something i'm sure any and all foodies enjoy as much as i do.
Just fabulous food, this is the classic whole in the wall.
Really inside a persian market, who would of thought the food would be so good.
Nothing super fancy but man is the food good.
All of them are in the refrigerated section by asia kitchen in the food court.
I wanted to get chicken, but the pork & vegetable buns looked a little puffier so i got them.
Ok, so we have established this deli/restaurant is tucked away in the plaza.
Bring some stimulating conversation and fasten your seat belts for the real deal delicious kosher experience.
Usually worth the wait and delicious, right?
This whole foods is really close to me.
Five or so restaurants in the food court.
I do like the cafe sitting area and grad food to go.
So i will return often as long as they keep up the good service and quality of food.
We buy tj bananas and other fruits and are frequently pleased especially if we eat them quickly.
Let's get into the food!
It was so delicious, the cookies were crunchy and the middle was amazing.
Came here to get my cravings satisfied with persian food.
The food was pretty tasty.
This location has been remodeled and has a salad and hit food bar and a starbucks inside.
They always have a large selection of fruits and vegetables.
The deli, meat and seafood departments at heinen's are top-notch!
Answer: hell, yes if you're a foodie!
The food here is amazing!!
I come here mostly for asian groceries like lemongrass or pickled vegetables.
I'm not sure how fresh their vegetables are or where they come from but they certainly are cheap.
They have a really nice meat section, though their seafood selection is obviously smaller than seafood city.
99 ranch also offers a hot food and bakery at one side of the store.
There are plenty of healthy (and sinfully unhealthy yet delicious) options.
Fruits, veggies, spices, sweets, meats!
This will limit the amount of food you purchase to only the necessities.
Stick to fresh foods that will get you through 7-10 days of meals.
The meat selections in the deli are incredible!
A newly remodeled food lion that is a go to for me.
The prices are unbeatable and i always like coming to this food lion.
They do bring seasonal items, which are a delight to the seasoned trader joe people like myself.
I mainly come to sprouts for the reasonably priced bulk nuts and fruits.
The fruit and veggies as enticingly presented.
I have nothing but quality customer service from madison and tarz (sp) in the deli.
Mostly food with a wine shop and a small gift shop with local items.
We tried the coffee shop and we ate some food from several little shops.
Food is good and prices are reasonable.
It's faster than fast food and a heck of a lot more healthy.
Being married to a true lover of red meat, we finally stopped into his haven of food.
Good food and wonderful blended coffee and tea drinks.
They have a wonderful variety of fresh foods to choose from.
Recently i have tried their pre cooked food and it was surprisingly fresh and tasty.
All the food and drink you'd expect at a corner store.
My personal favorites  are the sushi, steaks, fruit, bbq pizza and decent prices on dairy products.
Everyone else enjoyed the food as well.
Wholefoods is a nice alternative to those fast food places.
They have a great selection of natural and organic foods as well as great, fresh produce.
Their prepared foods are fantastic.
My weekly spot to food shop :)
I love their ready made foods!
Prices are resonable, salad bar and  each food stations are clean.
This location is like a all in one when it comes to food and beverage.
I love the seafood selection and the free service of steaming/frying the product.
Lots of asian wine/liquor to offer although the pre-packed asian food is pretty pricey (i stay away from it).
Simply a foodies' paradise.
Cheeses, spices, fresh veggies and fruits (which they let you taste most of them), meat and oysters!
We visited vegas and quickly realized the only healthy food available was off the strip or not reasonably priced.
One of the places we found to be easily accessible from the strip is whole foods.
The lunch we enjoyed at whole foods was awesome.
They had tables set up on one side of the store where you can order food from the kitchen.
Nice place to get japanese food.
I went to little tokyo in california and went to the japanese market there and their bentos were delicious.
They have a lot of different food.
This store is a great concept in itself and they have great quality food.
Great quality and selection of food products .
They of course specialize in current health trends and this whole foods seems up to par.
Not as expensive as whole foods and for many specialty products they are cheaper than fry's.
Their food is fresh.
A majority of the fruit were ripe/sweet, some were not.
The restaurant inside has amazing food.
I noticed when i dined in the food was on the slower side of coming out.
I have never seen dragonfruit under $6 a pound.
One of the best restaurants in vegas and the best meat in town great people great service great food
If your focus is great food, this place deserves nothing but a five.
The service was a little slow but the food tasted great when it finally arrived.
Cant remember the name, but they have a ton of varieties, which would be a nice finger food for guests.
Delightful, and hard to find elsewhere.
They have a great selection of japanese food staples, sauces, ingredients, snacks, and candies.
Without a doubt, this amazing restaurant has the most spectacular food, hospitality and staff/owners.
Not only do i eat amazing food there but we always have good conversations!
Note: i also decided to purchase some chips, fruit, desserts and they were great.
Great selection of healthy food, beverages, and other items.
A deli where you can get a handmade sandwich, bag of chips, and a drink at a reasonable price.
It was as delicious as i remembered it.
This place is humongous, not always super crowded, clean and packed to the rafters with fabulous food.
Overall, it's a nice, small market in henderson for japanese foods/goodies.
The food is organic, fresh and healthy.
Warm and welcoming place with excellent food.
Food is very delicious and freshly made.
Zaytoon ~ the best & the freshest mediterranean food in las vegas!!
My family is addicted to the food of zaytoon!!
It is really great food & the prices are so affordable!
I wish there were just a few more options for food & coffee.
Food is fresh and prepared with care!
Overall, i love wholefoods and the quality is great but if you are on a budget, look elsewhere.
Her husband makes some of the cheese there and it is delicious!
Love their food court cheap food!
Toujours un plaisir d'aller se ravitailler en légumes et fruits au marché jean-talon.
Eating, shopping, talking about food, asking "ooh, what's that?
Waitress was nice but man, that's a long time to wait for food like that.
Good food good service priced very well.
We also stopped and ate in their little food court and wow we loved every bite!!
I went with the bistec encebollado, which is enough food to feed a small mexican family.
I have nothing but love for whole foods!
On y trouve surtout des fruits et légumes d'ici en plus de charcuterie, poissonnerie, boulangerie, fleuristes, café, etc, etc.
Or spending even more at whole foods than i would going out.
Excellent service and food!
European ambiance, french veggies, fishes, meat, special meat, cheese, quebecois foods and wines, apple wine and juices and etc.
I don't really shop at metro (unless its for deli food, other wise it's way to expensive for my budget).
Great italian food, wine and produce too.
Many prepared foods and some are frozen to take home too.
La meilleurs qualité pour les fruits et légumes du quartier avec aussi les meilleurs prix !
So we have tried breakfast and it is delicious!
I agree with most that the food is very good but the set up needs improvement.
The butcher and deli counter are quick and knowledgeable.
Service was superb and the food was delicious!
The food was amazing and the atmosphere was quaint.
The store is packed with an assortment of items from fresh baked goods to pre-packaged food despite it's small size.
There is a great variety of food and even crafts in this space.
Very nice selection of fruits and vegetables!
Tout a l'air absolument délicieux, que ce soit côté viandes, légumes, fruits ou poissons.
The food was incredible.
This is just like the whole foods that i would frequent in southern california--built for an educated, affluent consumer.
The seafood bar is diverse with different ceviches, salads and such.
If you love good food, good beer (and wine), and don't mind dropping some coin, then this is the spot!
The food is so tasty it's unbelievable.
Consistently good food  beautifully presented.
I've passed by so many times and never realized that they served food all along.
I tried the cheese pie and it's delicious!
They have ready to eat food, along with bakery.
Best place to get well-priced produce and authentic italian food!!
I always love everything that whole foods has to offer, except for the whole paycheck part.
The fruits are always amazing and the organic vege selection is fairly priced for the quality.
Very good persian food.
I really enjoyed the fact that they had sample trays out for all of the fresh fruit and veggies.
The fruit was unreal.
It had to be the juiciest, most flavorful fruit i have ever tasted.
Went today 9-7-15 to this whole foods at town square.
Yesterday night, both my boyfriend and i were craving mexican food.
This is how a lot of the food here seems to be.
Super great items and fresh fruits/veggies.
Nice food and its halal best shawarma!!
Fruits and snacks, check.
The service and food are great.
This has always been my favorite place to buy groceries and eat persian food.
If you are looking for an asian food market with great prices, look no further than here.
Their vast selection of frozen foods will keep you shopping for quite awhile!
I came here to satisfy my persian food craving.
The food was pretty tasty.
Not to mention, better quality food and organic!
($27)  delicious and fresh.
They have an expansive organic and specialty food selection.
I have yet to have tried any other food there, but i will... hopefully soon.
Food was delish, server was awesome.
I really like going to whole foods market.
I think whole foods market is not big; however, they do sell quality items.
Also, although their dining area might be a little pricey the food is worth the price!
Not just deliciously red looking, they actually taste sweet and juicy, not watery like the ones from supermarkets.
There is a nice area to sit outside and enjoy your food if you have the time.
Authentic mexi food at its best!
Service at the restaurant i would give 2.5 stars, but the food is a 5+ and very authentic.
All analogies aside, we love and hate whole foods.
All the food here looks amazing and tastes even better.
They have an astounding variety of fresh raw veggies, meats, and seafood.
If you like whole foods, you'll love the one on mayo blvd.
This place is really great, you have really great food for cheap and the staff is friendly.
I love this whole foods store.
Not all whole foods stores give you this option.
Living in a rural community, it's amazing to receive a delivery of fresh organics to my doorstep.
Great food, amazing service!
Afandi knocked it out of the park for us, the food was incredibly good and at a great price.
Highly recommend the food and their hospitality is outstanding as well.
Fresh meats, produce, deli,  seafood and a wonderful restaurant of mexican food area.
I had the thai savory crepe and ooooh it was delicious!!!
The fresh juices are also delicious, but be prepared to wait awhile for your order if it's during lunchtime/early afternoon.
Love the large produce section, live seafood in the back and very nice bakery/restaurant section as well.
They have fresh lychee, rambutan, longan, dragon fruit, and mangosteen!!!!
You will not be disappointed with the food or service here.
This is now our regular persian food spot in las vegas.
This is absolutely amazing food.
The deli and meat department offered some really delicious looking foods.
There's an outdoor space that sells produce, seasonal fruits, flowers, and plants.
Inside the "mall" you will find a meat shop, a few bakeries, food stalls, etc.
Deli area looks really nice.
Great food and large selection.
How do you open a store at 7 am , but not open your deli until 9?
Love the deli subs, on fresh baked bread.
If you're looking for authentic mexican food, you've come to the right place.
The al pastor and steak tacos are super delicious.
The salad bar, hot food bar and olive bar are amazing!!!
On the last visit i decided to take the plunge and try some of the food.
I've had better tasting turkey, so i won't be purchasing anymore food.
Upon entering i always get a whiff of something delicious.
The food is excellent and the staff is always great!
I have yet to eat from their deli but it looks to have a good variety of meals and snacks.
We came here to pick up food for a road trip for my mother.
Other than that, standard awesome whole foods experience, great selection, decor etc.
Definitely a good place to get healthy foods before heading to the strip.
They carry a lot of cool japanese snacks; i also walked out w two delicious mochis.
This is now the largest and nicest collection of asian fresh, frozen and packaged food.
They have fresh live seafood in tanks, and they will prepare fish on request.
The university hts whole foods is my favorite place to grocery shop on the eside.
Their selection of local, organic & healthy, green-wholesome foods are unparalleled for any super market i know.
The variety and quality of the food available is amazing... and the prices seem quite reasonable considering.
There are wide isles and a great selection of foods.
They have fantastic prepared foods (although they can be expensive).
Every friday night is 5x7 - for five bucks you get five food/drink pairings.
Depending on what they're serving, you get the equivalent of about 2 - 2.5 drinks and typically great food samples.
Plus they have a deli section.
It's everything that harris teeter, food lion and bi-lo aren't.
They have a fabulous bulk foods department.
Our favorite deal so far has been the jumbo cooked shrimp in the seafood department.
Every time i go to this whole foods, i find the staff very friendly and professional.
Finally, they're so attentive to food allergies and dietary preferences.
The food and service were excellent.
"fruit is a gamble.
With mjt, fruit isn't that much of a gamble.
Check out the frozen food and small cooler up front for freshly made bentos.
Most excellent market and also food stalls especially the chinese restaurant food stall-big restaurant at the north end.
Fresh fruits and vegetables, organic food, desserts, fish and shellfish, sausages....etc.
I also buy fresh fruits with much less.
Sure it's in the back of a poorly lit grocery store, but it's clean, inexpensive, fresh, and delicious.
You buy it in the frozen food section.
Food is good and priced right.
I had yet to stay and try any of their deli or food that they prepare on site.
They carry a lot of unique foods you can't get at a walmart or frys and their prices are reasonable.
Great food and service...
Absolutely love whole foods!
Some of the best persian food i've ever had.
Great deli, produce, and bakery selection.
Many great choices for food vendors as well.
Moving on to the food, i had the farmers omelet and it was amazingly delicious for a vegetarian omelet.
And their huge deli subs are awesome for camping!
We picked up some tea, a few vegetables(got a huge red pepper for a buck!
We brought home a little apple pie from the bakery - delicious!
Pizza also looked delicious.
The coffee was artfully prepared and delicious, though lacking the chit-chat factor of the wine and meat areas.
The marche de l'ouest opens all year round with summer being the highlight, plants, flowers, veggies and fruits.
One of the better whole foods in vegas.
Marche atwater is a market for local purveyors of fruit, vegetables, meats, cheeses, baked goods, beer, chocolates and flowers.
Marche atwater was mostly focused on food.
We didn't expect good produce as far north as montreal and were delighted to be proven wrong.
Albertsons is our favorite grocery store because of their great sales, nice veggies and their fresh meat/seafood counter.
We come here mostly for deli meat, the fresh meat/seafood and a specific organic salsa they carry.
I always go in for their combo specials; all their flavors taste delicious.
Really, the food is fresh and will have you coming back for more.
However, the produce seems to be very reasonable and i could see myself coming here for vegetables now.
I had a watermelon juice which was delightful and oh-so refreshing.
I'm sorry, but i don't understand the reviewers who complain about the prices at whole foods.
The produce is often half price compared hyvee and whole foods.
I am not into the preservatives and junk in my food.
-quality produce and food.
Love that there are smaller eateries inside - asian food, mexican food, and a boba/smoothie place.
A bit smaller than we expected but the quality of food and customer service was impressive.
Most food vendors had samples of produce you could try as you walked by (so delicious and fresh).
There were many fruit, vegetable, flower, meat, cheese vendors as well as small shops and restaurants.
Vendors have different prices for the same foods, all seeming to me to be the same quality.
Real canadian superstore (loblaws chain) is a good place to shop for food in the area.
They are geared more towards fresh produce than wal-mart honestly, the non-food items and pricing are not that good.
Food is great and service is great too.
It looked like you could order any beverage and various food items from the to-go coffee bar.
I'll definitely be back in to get some of their delicious coffee!
Rows and rows of fresh produce and vegtables, meats, some cooked foods, maple syrup, soap, and chocolate.
Surrounding the market itself were small eateries that ranged from mexican to seafood to baked goods.
Pros -great employees and service -good prices -lots of healthy options -good sandwiches   cons -to go food selection so-so
The food is delicious and cheap, what more can you ask?
They also offer chicharrón as an option for your food.
For those who don't know chicharrón is pork crackling, it's oh so delicious!
They also prepare your food really quick, i think we waited less than 10 minutes for our plates.
I've already been here twice and plan to keep coming back for their great food!
Only complaint is i wish they had more healthy food items.
Very cool little spot of japanese food and candy.
Well i guess i could go for some homemade soaps and delish pizza.
The meat and seafood department was very well kept and had a wonderful variety to choose from.
I tend to frequent whole foods for lunch...
The bento boxes are also delish!
The bride and a few of the girls are persian and some of the girls had never had persian food.
We all loved the food!
I have had persian food before and zaytoon is authentic and delicious.
Next time i am in vegas i know where to go for persian food!
I highly recommend this place, amazing service and food!
Food was quick and delicious!
The staff is always very friendly and they have an awesome seafood bar!
Like so many things in arizona, this was whole foods on steroids.
We have purchased many steaks, pork chops and chicken here all delicious; however warning no aged meat.
I have yet to branch out and try their hot/cold food but i hear very good things.
The staff in the food prep areas are always super friendly and willing to help you find something you'll love.
Do you want to know about the food?
I am personally a fan of whole foods in general!
The food isn't amazingly healthy - it's still fast food!
I am from the east coast and i am used to my whole foods being full of variety.
This location  has a lot of items that isn't food that i buy so that's why i keep coming back.
I understand that whole foods prides themselves on products that are local.
My favourite sections:  organic, international foods, salad bar and the prepared food section.
Clean place, really good food !
Fresh produce, fresh prepared foods, fresh music (not really).
We look forward to the food court and will visit again and again :)
Good food  great for general halal meats and cooking ingredients.
This place delivers the goods!
I used to go to seafood city more often, but i find myself driving past there to get to here.
I can get my japanese snack food munchies taken care of here.
Whole foods makes bomb smoothies.
They're burgers are delicious and organic!
The quality of the food is incredible.
I'm not vegan, but have to say, this was extremely delicious.
This review is for the deli and prepared foods area.
Bread was very fresh, turkey was flavorful (and because it's whole foods...healthy!
They have delicious food and it's a great environment.
The staff in the deli is great!
They are basically a mini version of whole foods or sprouts minus all the fancy extras and a lower cost.
Organic foods at average prices.
They have a cool waiting area that has mexican food, barbershop, nail salon and a pub.
During the event i had many people ask where i got the delicious brownies from!
You may pay a little more for their food, but it's worth it.
The fruit and vegetables are the freshest here, better than all other supermarkets or walmart store in the area.
The meat, cold cuts and all deli products are the freshest and tastiest.
The sweets are delicious and look like pieces of sweet art.
The meat and seafood in the back was well presented and something i will have to return for.
For someone who is passionate about food and the new, local movement, this place is great.
Excellent spot for all your fruit and vegetables.
Very fresh and delicious every time i order and dine in.
The produce vendors carry the most garden-fresh and unwilted vegetables and fruits and allow you to sample each.
The market shops also sell meat, fish, cheese, sausage, bread, pastries, and other delicacies.
The quality of their food here is awesome.
Fresh vegetables, lovely meats and cheeses.
Go here for an afternoon delight.
Having worked with a persian boss before, i have become quite fond of their foods.
Good place if you like mediterranean foods
It is so pleasant here and all of the food is organic.
The owners take time to do the research to make sure the food is at its best quality for you.
I have discovered many new foods here to help me stay on track.
I will never shop at walmart, trader joes, or safeway for food ever again!
Love their orange chicken and white rice combo they serve at the asian section of their food court.
Their cakes are delicious and the frosting is wonderful!
Food is decent but nothing exciting.
Seriously whole foods rocks!!
They also have fresh fruit and vegetables for sale.
Furthermore, while in this market, i enjoyed the delicious food & drink treats and mmmm, today's yummy birthday cake!!
Has a wide selection of asian food, especially chinese food.
While on vacation in scottsdale we shopped at this whole foods location.
I violated my rule of avoiding grocery shopping while hungry and decided to venture over to whole foods.
Whole foods tends to be the indecisive individual's nightmare (that would be me).
Yet, this store is a foodie's dream.
Then again, it is whole foods.
I often come here to get baked goods or just will go to the restaurant side for  delicious, generously-portioned meal.
The deli here is fantastic.
They used to sell it separately in the deli but now it only comes pre-packaged.
Every single salad is cold, crisp and delicious.
Their fresh seafood leaves something to be desired as none of the fish looked all that good.
So simple and pleasant...  shopping this location of food lion.
As we all know, trader joe's is the poor man's whole foods.
The pre-made salads and meals are so fresh and out of this world delicious.
Authentic mexican.slow service but food is great.
Solid food, friendly service.
Came here to get some good mexican food, and got exactly that.
Like megan s., i enjoy gawking & fruits & vegetables.
They have pretty much all my "speciality" food items for my gluten free, vegan diet.
A bulk foods store near to cleveland!
It was the most amazing combination of french canadian food ever!
Not everything here is organic but majority of the foods are 'healthy' or natural.
I put blame 100% on whole foods.
Great options for food, coffee, desert, wine, beer and a farmers market.
My family enjoyed the sandwiches from the deli.
Lady at the deli was pleasant and quick.
There looks to be a future-planned indoor food court promising a mix of indian and se asian fare.
They too had a food court - though more like an asian (3 item + rice or noodle) buffet.
This grocery store has the healthiest and some of the best grocery store food in the area.
The bentos here are delish!!
You can get really great deals on prepackaged refrigerated food.
It is a good place to shop for quick fresh food.
Interesting how food brings back memory), hash brown casserole, and sausage patties.
A nice selection of fresh food, japanese sweets and cooking reagents, as well as various home products.
Great selection of meats, fresh fruits and veggies and it is conveniently located in the heart of dilworth.
Better than the delivery options of chain restaurants.
This whole foods market is under remodeling and we are so excited to see the improvements.
I enjoy shopping there for their fresh & organic produce & food.
It occurred to me maybe whole foods may have breakfast food .
Deli better than most.
The fact that they have healthy, quick fast food options is a plus.
I've had their brown rice veggie sushi, and it was delicious!
I love persian food and can not too often find places that sell it.
I'm pretty sure all the food is awesome  but i can't try it all in one visit unfortionately.
Every one was friendly and our food came out quickly.
Bread is soft, meat delish, peppers sweat and roasted, cheese..melty.
Everything you need, a lot of precooked food for a lazy evening.
There's food in the refrigerated section but it gets scarce the closer it is to dinner!
There are all sorts of things here--candies, groceries, bread, tea pots, snacks, drinks, tupperware, and food...good, good food.
Fun place for fresh produce or just delicious bread, cheese and desserts.
My husband and i are huge fans of whole foods and this is our favorite las vegas location.
The produce and fruit is always the freshest of any grocery store we've been to here.
Now, i know most people's issue with whole foods is the price.
However, i've found that if you stick mostly to the whole foods brands, the prices aren't that bad.
My favorite thing about this whole foods is that it's never crowded.
The selection and quality of food is much higher.
4-stars are because it is not like shopping at whole foods in the 80's which was a totally delightful experience
Huge section of ready to go food in the produce.
Love the asian food bar and the hot food bar.
But, this is hands down, the  most delicious kabob and baklava i've ever had.
Visited twice now, and the food and atmosphere was amazing both times.
But there are just some things that are only at whole foods!
The place is always clean, all the foods look great and service is always helpful and friendly.
Instead, you'll find a lot of fresh foods (shocker, with a name like that!)
Almost everything i tried was delicious.
The shu mai were delicious and so were the ginger beef tripe.
The restaurant has changed things up from time to time for the better and they always have great food.
The verde sauce is great ( not really spicy though ) and the oaxaca cheese filled tortilla is delicious.
The food is really great and much better then a fast food restaurant!
Whole foods is full of pretentious overpriced but awesomely delicious and healthy foods.
This place has pretty much everything you could want to satisfy your foodie needs.
Their deli staff should get raises for how acrobatic they are (this store gets insanely busy).
And speaking of their deli, there's lots of lunchmeats to choose from.
Fresh food and great quality.
The sandwich deal and lunch at their deli is a steal.
This place is awesome from the service, to the price, to the food.
Everything is so delicious here.
Love all the fresh fruit and granola.
They were very accommodating to change the fruits i wanted.
We had our food in very short time.
The presentation of the food was excellent.
I think i think trader joe's is great for dried fruits and nuts, cheeses, yogurt, baking items, and snacks.
Fresh, flavorful, juicy, and perfectly grilled food (i had the koobedeh, my husband the chicken kabob).
Might i recommend the dried fruit bites?
Interesting items and a much cheaper price tag than whole foods.
Food was ok  but entertainment  was better if you like to people watch "holy smokes"senior citizen paradise omg
He was very polite and delivered excellent customer service.
Thanks again for delivering awesome service !
This is the only place excep for whole foods that i can find organic almond milk.
Woooohoooooo, if u like island pacific or greenland, then you'll love seafood city!
Excited that they look to opening up an even bigger seafood city on rainbow blvd.
More than enough selection for most households and foodies like me with regular food cravings.
I'm a big fan of whole foods!
You sit at a counter, get prompt service from extremely friendly cooks (food artists?
It ended up being perfect and delicious.
You always get more than enough food, salad or soup, and a side with the sandwiches and burgers.
Sunday is for eating all the foods!
Fruits, veg, meat, seafood.
I love this place the atmosphere, the food, the service everything is always on par.
I love the open kitchen design, you can see your foods being made fresh.
Really good place for persian food... koobideh and rice is delicious... eggplant ist good...
Together with some warm bread - yummy  for me the best persian food i had here in vegas...
The fruits and vegetables are very fresh, and samples abound!
We sauteed it with butter and a little bit of scallions -delicious!
It's easy to pickup some delicious food (and desserts shhhh...).
Whole foods is definitely my favorite place to grocery shop and i'm there at least 3 times a week.
Great customer service and a large spacious layout make this the best whole foods in arizona!
Mike, the friendly fresh fruit and veggie guy, is always around to offer guidance and assistance to me.
Going vegan has really been an easier transition bc of the abundance of fresh delicious produce available.
One of the better whole foods i've been to.
Has a good juice bar, and lot's prepared food options.
Also during the wsop saw lot's of poker players milling about getting their fruits and veggies!
When i moved to madison i was disappointed at the lack of real mexican food, until i found gemelos.
Lost and hungry, we stumbled on this deli, just a block from the lake and park.
I usually stop at trader joe's when i don't feel like paying whole foods prices.
However, this tj's does have a nice frozen food section.
Here, you can find frozen lunches, asian, thai, and mexican cuisine, and also frozen vegetables.
But it has tons of fresh and delicious produce, and plenty of other unique finds.
You can also order salads and sandwiches from the deli counter, or head around back for a cup of coffee.
Thank god for divitis italian market- wonderful fresh foods, and great customer service!
This is a lot of food for less than $10.
Most organic and free range foods taste of bugs and worms to me.
I try not to buy prepared foods in plastic clam shell containers unless marked bio degradable.
The fruits and vegetables throughout the seasons are superior to what can be found elsewhere.
This store might not be as big as seafood city but they have almost everything.
Good and diverse food choices that are appetizing.
Plenty of sittings areas to enjoy your food and doesn't feel like a zoo (this is important).
Fresh fruits, gelato, waffles, cheese crud and of course maple syrup.
You will not be disappointed with the great finds & food.
I'm a big foodie and i thought the local dip sandwich was very good!
This was next to the chinese ready to eat deli.
My first chomp into those ribs was omfg, is this some good ....uhhh food!
I also picked up some asian snacks and browsed the meat and seafood departments.
It looks just like all the rest of the 99 ranches with fish on ice and tanks of live seafood.
Re produce especially fruit, look at and choose carefully because some of it is overly ripe.
I like to walk around before/after eating something delicious from rico's or local loaf.
They have cute crafty stuff, cheese and wine, fresh vegetables, and pimento cheese.
Inexpensive food shopping of brands that you've probably never heard of.
Groceries, dairy, some meats, some deli, lots of frozen.
I love whole foods, anybody who knows me knows that lol.
But nonetheless i love this place and i have wanted to work for whole foods for the longest.
Glad to be a member of the whole foods family :)
Their selection of fresh produce is not the most diverse, but they have all the commonly used veggies and fruits.
Aside from food, they also sell consumables, such as napkins, ketchup packets, toilet paper and whatnot.
They make their own sausages, burger patties, meatballs, beef jerky, pepperettes and other food items, which are all pretty good.
It's a whole foods!
Every time i go here, i always purchase the maeda en ice cream or whichever i see that looks delicious.
The hot food bar and soup and salad bars are also awesome!
I love this whole foods!
I recommend coming when it's warm out so you can sit outside if you purchase prepared food.
The service was not great but not bad considering how crowded it was, but the food was delicious.
I will definitely will go back and try some other food!
A is close to home and i really enjoy the fact that they are locally owned and use local foods.
The food was great and i would have given 5 stars but the service was not great.
You can find some incredibly well-priced food in here if you look closely!
The non-produce food shops, however, are definitely priced for tourists and do not offer any bargains.
After shopping at whole foods stores in chicago i was very comfortable walking into a harris teeter.
The seafood, the meats, the flowers and vegetable.... everything you would ever want to cook or consume in one spot.
They also have food, desserts (cakes, cookies, etc), and cute to-go snacks -- a bit pricey though.
The food is delicious, the service is excellent, and the place is very nice, clean and neat.
Checked out the anticipated gastro pub near the prepared food area- looking pretty inviting!
Only real food left in this country is trader joe unless you run your own farm
Food has been fresh and it was easy to navigate.
I came there in the late summer and came home with countless vegetables and meats i had never tried before.
Tried it for dinner and it was delicious.
The food there is really good and i believe almost all food  is gathered from local growers.
There is also a small side of fruit served with the meal.
I wish the fruit was a bit bigger.
Service was great and food came out quickly!
Plus, to my delight, there was sushi fish here.
I really like this whole food.
High quality food for purchase here.
Whole foods normally is all about quality.
I will say that i had the most delicious homemade popsicle flavour here: pineapple basil.
Customer service is excellent, along with a variety of food items.
Once we ordered the food came fresh and delicious.
Melt in your mouth deliciousness.
There is not one thing we tasted that wasn't absurdley delicious.
The produce stands had the most beautiful fruit i've ever seen in my life.
Fresh market is much smaller than whole foods and i fear they wont be able to compete long term.
I am a fan of this whole foods branch.
The negative about whole foods in general is, as everyone knows, the prices are quite high.
Yes, i acknowledge the fact that organic food tends to be expensive.
I shop there frequently for groceries and get meat from the deli, which is halal.
The food in the restaurant is splendid.
The staff, atmosphere, presentation, and especially the food are all phenomenal!
The next time you guys have a parking lot celebration how about a better food vendor selection.
That day we found everything but asian food and what food was there was priced sky high even the water.
I'm always looking for real mexican food in madison, and i think i found it at los gemelos.
Community natural foods is your one-stop shop to create a healthier, less environmentally impactful you.
The foods, wines, and household goods are high-quality and very reasonably priced.
They have a good variety of specialty items, including gluten-free foods.
I especially like their well-prepared cold foods such as salads and wraps.
They have quite a variety of seafood, and fresh is the key word.
Companion had the seafood noodle soup ($7.95), and pronounced it fabulous.
I give them 4 stars for quality of food and cleanliness.
I love their fresh meat and seafood department.
Whole foods was awesome for me on this trip.
Even by whole foods standards there's just a ton of variety.
The supermarket isnt too big- but has a lot of stuff food wise going on!
, mushrooms, udon noodles, fishes, pre-made frozen foods and some packaged food, wide variety of snacks and sweets!
Rabba is bigger than a convenience store, smaller than a sobey's or safeway, and this one had a deli.
Lots of produce, bulk foods in little plastic boxes, and all the other grocery store stuff.
Been here many times but never reviewed it we all know whole foods.
Love their cheeses and fresh fruits.
There are good food options, a coffee place and a wine store.
Employees from produce to deli to butcher to cashier are awesome and helpful.
This particular whole foods location is top notch!!
It is probably one of the best whole foods in the country and here is why ...
The food ended up being "the norm" for cracker barrel.
Your water and coffee will stay filled, and your food will come quickly.
We got to try the fruits that are in season.
Fresh fruits, fresh pastries, fresh uni, all went down the hatch.
So for thanksgiving 2011, the standard food items were needed and harris teeter came through with flying colors.
How can it be so delicious?
This morning, i saw the delicious cheddar bacon scones in the case and had to have one.
How can it be so delicious?"
It's clean, fresh and very delicious.
This is always our number one choice when my boyfriend and i are craving some tasty mediterranean food.
Great option if your looking for healthier food items.
Love the food here classical mediterranean version and the lamb kebabs is the best.
I can't believe someone makes it here and it is so delicious.
I'm so glad this is my neighborhood whole foods!
I'm guessing they were all enjoying a delicious bowl of pho in one of the nearby restaurants.
While they looked delicious i had no idea what it even was and what sort of filling it had.
Obvi whole foods was my favorite, but then i found natural grocers and loved them just the same.
The coffee is burnt and the scones ... not so delish.
You can find things you didn't know existed, and i know a lot about food.
This is a great whole foods.
I really like their prepared foods too.
Put up with the sometimes, not super fast service, it is a great place with no frozen food or microwaves.
Friendly and helpful staff, great location, great food.
It's a good alternative to wholefoods, that's for sure.
The glass case is filled with delicious treats of every kind imagined.
What i liked best this store is the hot foods and produce section.
Fresh fruits and veggies, meats and cheeses, pastries and breads, flowers, fish, pasta, and just everything.
There was a deli section that consist of big fat olives,  two kinds feta cheese & mortadella.
We ordered food to go in their restaurant area.
It came out fresh & delicious!
Expanded meat/seafood than your normal store, massive wine selection, and a hot bar with a ton of options.
It's a lunch bar, not a seafood restaurant, your mileage may vary.
This goes from the service departments like deli and meat, to the front end where the cashiers ring you up.
Spacious, air conditioned and with a nice dark wood and shady decor with the food aisles lit almost in mood-lighting.
Almost the polar opposite to the usual food stained linoleum and tacky pale plastic.
Great selection of fresh food, including sushi, noodles, pizza and salad.
The food court is also great and delicious.
Just a bit on the expensive side for some items in the food court.
Tons of great food - so make sure you go hungry.
Which also means i have had the opportunity to experience a lot of whole foods locations.
The hot foods sections has some amazing vegan options.
The smoothie bar is delicious.
Fun, healthy food and easy meals without breaking the bank.
Not every day do you get to encounter a brand new fruit!
This sobeys has it all including a restaurant take out area of daily prepared hot foods and sushi.
Food is always great, service is speedy and friendly,  and of course cupcakes are amazing!
Presentation was decent, menu was somewhat  innovative but the food was just good.
This is clearly the location where every day folk come for food and provisions for the upcoming week.
Very authentic place and food.
This restaurant is attached to a small grocery where you can find a lot of mediterranean food and specialties.
I love me some mediterranean food.
So, when my friend says to me "i've been craving mediterranean food", i'm all for it.
The hummus was also delicious with the standard chickpea and tahini flavors.
My friend's dish looked delicious and i think it was since he finished the whole thing.
But zba has really great persian foodstuffs.
), fruit roll-up treats, dough (yogurt beverage), various cookies and other sweets, and on and on.
The staff in the deli always get it right w/ the $2.99 sandwich of the day.
Very knowledgeable about the food, friendly, funny and caring.
The food that we did order was simply amazing.
To add a cherry on top, there is a store in the same building that specializes in middle eastern foods.
The food is always freshly cooked and very good.
This is (clearly) a much better whole foods location than the summerlin one.
My biggest issue is they are often in produce, deli, or meats.
It's a favourite among italians that know their food.
I did enjoy the food.
One stop shopping made simple if you wanted to grab ready made food to go!
Outstanding service, excellent food and drinks, and a nice atmosphere.
For this caliber of food you'd pay double in scottsdale- literally.
All was perfect and delicious.
Brunch is so delightful as you can always accommodate us, and i really love your breakfast bowls.
It's cute and has some very unique food.
The owner is amazing and friendly, the food is amazing and cheap - what else could i ask for!
As a broke stupid living beside concordia, nilufar becomes my second home when it comes to food.
The food is always fresh and did i mention cheap?!!!!!
Great place to find gf food.
Store items include snacky gf foods as well as mixes and hamburger helper type / rice mixes.
I love their frozen section, deli section and desserts.
Most creative frozen prepared foods available.
I love giving my business to deli4less.
Get it with the fries and their famous aioli dipping sauce, the stir-fry vegetables if you're watching your waistline.
Such good persian food in vegas???
Friendly service, nice decor and amazing food.
A family owned persian restaurant serving quality food.
Soft, juicy and delicious.
They also have the best seafood!!
In both food quality and service, its amazing.
The food is excellent.
It's the perfect blend of self-service meets top restaurant quality food.
I come here to mostly pick up food and ingredients for ramen.
Great wine and beer selection, and the prepared foods are delicious too!
The bulk foods are a great deal.
I think i love it better than whole foods!
I seriously got way more food for my buck and it seems my fruits and veggies aren't dying as quickly.
I have had the sushi here several times and it always delivers.
Wish some of the fish and fruits prices would be a little lower.
The cafe has good food and some happy hour options.
I like the option to have freshly made food from the fish market.
The 7th street public market in charlotte is a food court of sorts.
The food at the places we ate were well executed and fairly priced.
They have everything here: fruit, veggies, herbs, jam, honey, seafood, eggs.
Ask me the best place to take someone on a first date, and i would say, "whole foods."
Don't let the nomer mislead, for here is a mecca for foodies of all ethnicities and tastes.
A treasure trove of seafoods is displayed behind the bullet proof glass.
Let me illustrate in more detail the grandeur of the fruits of the sea i beheld.
Whole foods is that good.
A hot bar with foods around the world, featuring must-have easts such as vindaloo chicken.
What better way to get to know someone, than through food?
What food market in this sprawling metropolis offers to cook your food for you before you leave the store?
This is probably the bets whole foods location in arizona.
No disappointments when it comes to whole foods.
They deliver on every level and the staff is always in a good mood.
In addition to the restaurant, there's a small market area of candy/gourmet foods/cookware and some books/toys.
I felt like some potatoes or fruit would really add to the meal.
The quantity was just right and the taste delicious, although i think the bread was a little over-toasted.
Fortunately, the delicious food and use of local ingredients well outweighs that issue.
A small, mostly japanese food grocery store.
There is plenty of take-out food available as well.
Always clean, workers are always friendly and professional, and great selection of natural healthy foods!
We also got some delicious brownies and lemon bar from the cloud 9 confections.
This is one of my regular stops on my food runs.
There is also a little juice cafe deal and hot table/salad bar with prepared foods.
Take your time and stroll through all of it, the center is mostly fresh fruits, veggies, and flowers and plants.
I do like the smoothie place, and the fact that you can order food to eat there right away.
With the little market they have and made to order food.
You walk towards the center and on your left hand side you see a display of food.
A salmon dinner (or made to order food) for 6.99!
We ordered takoyaki and it was delightful.
You can get the best of the season's produce and all manner of foodstuffs -- don't miss it!
Tons of food, tons of clothes, and everything you need for the house.
It's always a great atmosphere, with friendly staff, and the food is great.
Got to get my veggie and fruit fix and this place is always close with great prices.
Can't be eating buffet food all the time kicking back here in vegas.
Another thing i have noticed is the vegetables are fresher compared to wal-mart.
It is nice, clean, and reminds me of a whole foods because of the organic section and health food aisles.
The fresh food (bread, dairy, fresh meat, produce, etc...)?
I seriously got star struck and felt like i should ask for her autograph :) but the food.... simply amazing!!!
So many artisanal bakeriees local produce and fresh meat and fish and many great italian delis and shops
Great service, great people, great food!
Prices are pretty reasonable if you go for quality of the food you eat.
Seafood and meat counter by the pound.
From frozen produce, desserts and seafood.
They fry fish in the seafood department and they give 10% off of your total purchase.
The lines go quickly, i satisfy my asian food needs, good prices and discounted.
Jean talon is literal foodie heaven!
Indoor and outdoor shops loaded with fresh fruits, meats, breads, flowers, food stands, coffee, and the list goes on...
Love organic food and this is the place i like to get it.
There are few aisles and most of the food is wholesome good eats.
They have a good selection of fruits and veggies along with dairy products and drinks.
I walk away with enough food to last me 2 weeks at only about $130.
I also love the natural healthcare products they sell like deodorant and toothpaste, even dog foods.
It's not as big as whole foods but they have the majority items needed for normal living.
They have a nice deli, meat department, and a pharmacy.
There are always employees around willing to help you find things, or give you a sample of produce/bulk foods.
Best food store in town!
There is so many options you'll find something to delight your taste buds.
They always have fresh produce and great deli foods.
The foods to go staff are amazing, they shop for you.
The owners are super friendly and the food is amazing.
I visited atwater market as part of a food-centred tour of montreal.
Have food challenges, so really enjoy el jefe omelette and the farmers omelette, made with egg whites and veggies.
Fruit is fresh, love the green iced tea.
Love the aura of this store and the wide variety of keyword: healthy food.
They have ready made foods and we came late in the day so there was pretty much nothing left.
Atwater market is a foodie's delight!
I love whole foods!
Whole foods has become my addiction.
Everything we have tried has been delicious.
Overall, nature's bin is a great choice for anyone looking for healthy foods from a local vendor.
They were the only 2 left but they were sooooooo delicious!
Just today, they started mobile food truck fridays.
I have a lot of hope for this service now that gourmet food trucks are becoming more popular in phoenix.
The parking lot is a great spot for not only the farmer's market but the mobile food truck center.
A great place to walk around to buy good veggies and fruits
The best mediterranean food in las vegas .
The presentation of the food is wonderful and they give you a decent portion.
From the chill urban vibe to the delicious food, it always hits the spot.
This is where you'll find all the asian food products you can't find anywhere else.
All night people raved about the bruschetta i made, and indeed, it was super fresh and delicious.
This is the best mexican food in madison wi.
It's also very inexpensive so surprising for the quality of the food.
It was absolutely delicious.
I only gave it 4 stars because i went back a few days later and the food was less stellar.
I'm a sucker for whole foods.
Seafood city is not just the best fresh seafood store i have ever entered.
Then it was the vegetables--good selection and prices.
Previously i had gotten turkeys at giant eagle or whole foods.
Ge doesn't have a great selection of antibiotic-free, organic turkeys, and whole foods turkeys are hugely expensive.
Employees are actually trained to interact with customers about their store and food products.
It's best to take your time when visiting as the fresh foods departments are what really set this place apart.
Produce always looks outstanding, i've never gotten a single fruit or veggie from this place that was sub-par.
Deli/bakery is the envy of other grocery stores.
To my knowledge, they were the first to have ready-to-bake pizzas in the fresh foods case.
The pre-made entrees and sides are surprisingly delicious; usually store bought dinners are 'meh' at best.
We experienced this as part of a food de tour and  loved walking around.
I use the bakery and deli at this store often for food for business meetings and trainings.
The deli has freshly made fruit and veggie trays that are reasonable priced and nicely done.
Well stocked, well staffed, great variety of fresh produce, ready foods/meals, helpful staff in every dept.
; deli, meat, seafood, bakery, etc.
For example you have your ranch 99, sf shun fat, 168, greenland, seafood city & island pacific.
Somewhat similar to what whole foods offer but with a homey mom & pop setting.
Fresh seasonal vegetables and fruits!
Great place to pick up some prepared food for picnic or some fresh vegetables for cooking.
The walls with the descriptions (such as dairy or seafood) are eye catchers.
Everything is clean, which is always a bonus when it comes to food.
Gorgeous produce, yummy meats, cheese and seafood and beautiful flowers.
If you truly love great food (i do!
This made me wish i had a kitchen in montreal, oh the delicious food possible from this place.
I like me some trader joe's due to the nicer prices, but i will always go back to whole foods.
Everyone loved their food and appreciated the incredible service!
The manager even checked on us and asked how the food tasted!
If you think that if you've been to a whole foods store that you've seen them all, you're sadly mistaken.
I've been to over a dozen whole foods stores in a number of cities.
The osteria has amazing-looking food at pretty reasonable prices.
Whole foods might not be "cheap", but i never understood the appeal of cheap.
Whole foods even went so far as to built another whole parking lot on  the roof of the store!
I love and always shop at wholefoods!
They have incredible food not to mention it's organic and healthy.
They have an awesome variety of foods imported from the entire world.
Whether you want to dine in or shop for home cooked meals, wholefoods is for you.
Fresh fruits, gelato, waffles, cheese crud and of course maple syrup.
You will not be disappointed with the great finds & food.
My god this place serves delicious food!
My gosh i'm craving the food we i ordered as i write this.
I had the rest of my food packed to go so i can finish it.
Great prepared foods as well a deli and imported grocery items.
Foodie fridays in the summer are pretty cool.
Time of order to food in hand is 6 minutes.
I have found that when i shop at whole foods i shop with a purpose.
Every once in a while they sell this pre-made salmon en croute in the seafood section...
Croque madame was perfectly prepared and delicious.
Of course, there's the amazing selection of assorted seafood (large prawns and crab!)
I visit this whole foods store about once per week.
The costs of their goods prohibit me from making it my standard food shopping source.
The food bars alone are worth the visit.
:)  friendly associates and unique/healthy food are always comforting to me.
I tried the vegetable sandwich with wonderful fillings like roasted zucchini and eggplant puree served on herbed focaccia.
In general middle eastern food is flavorful and healthy and delicious.
Both were delicious and refreshing.
They also have some fresh food which is a little pricier, but always delicious.
Great meat department and fresh vegetables.
Nice people; yummy, healthy, fresh food.
I love buying all the local fruits, vegetables, and cheese.
I've never had a problem with the employees or any of the food i've bought there.
We also got a smoothie and it was delicious!
I love all whole foods stores but had to shout this one out in particular due to the great service!
I love this whole foods.
The best part is the variety of food stations they offer.
Friendly staff, clean environment and great food equals a winning grocery store in my book.
I usually have breakfast but today i had country fried steak it was delicious!
I always go to this whole foods location because it's very close to home and it's huge.
Oh, and for those complaining about the price: it's whole foods.
I always seem to find acceptable looking fruit ( i can't stand beat up looking produce).
This is my absolute favorite whole foods location!
The best way to describe trader joe's is whole foods but way, way cheaper.
This location so far has been the best whole foods i have found.
I lived in japan for a year and have been severely missing it and the food.
This whole foods location rivals the best location ever (which is in lincoln park, chicago).
I came here right before they closed hoping to pick up some things from their deli.
Almost like a sponge, angel food cake.
3 loblaws black bags full of fruit/veggies for half of what loblaws would charge in leslieville!
The whole ride home is almost torture because the food smells so good!
Definitely try this place out if you're craving mediterranean food.
But if that wasn't enough the food was beyond amazing.
Are all delicious and great for sharing.
Nice amazing fresh fruits and veggies with different kinds of fruits.
This place is a bit pricey but worth the extra money to get good quality foods.
What a delightful find as we were crossing the sprawl of phoenix each day.
Vietnamese, chinese and korean food all in one place and a wickedly well stocked supermarket.
They give a portion of the flatbread with butter to have while you wait for the food.
Marché jean-talon also has a very impressive fresh produce area - flowers & fruits stands.
They are so friendly and the food is so good.
So glad we found it.... one of the best deli's in vegas & they make awesome sub sandwiches for cheap!
Full liquor store & they accept ebt/food stamps if you're interested.
Seafood- by far the best part of the supermarket.
I never seen or realize the different choices of seafood that i can make.
Fruit and produce- really cant beat the prices here.
From great food, to fresh flowers that bloom forever, there really is nothing bad i could say about this 'joe's.
We've started using the healthy butcher's home delivery service for almost all our food-shopping needs.
They made a moist (sorry, i know people hate that word) delicious marble cake with the most beautiful floral decorations.
Nice people, great service, delicious cake.
The produce is extremely fresh, the meat smells and taste delicious and the salad bar is divine.
We love the sushi, salad bar and deli options.
They have a lot of really great options and everything is fresh and delicious.
This is my favorite hidden gem for mexican food in madison.
The food here is amazing the bakery is extremely good , but a lot of things here are very expensive!!
Go through another set of doors and i am greeted with smells of food, coffee and soap...
A numbered pager is given after you place your order and it vibrates when you food is ready.
Fresh vegetables are sold out relatively early.
One shop for everything food.
I loved you could find many unusual fruits, veggies and fresh seafood.
I mean live fresh seafood.
Greeneman farms - local food for local people.
The donuts from their fresh bakery are delicious.
Cracker barrel is so dependable for down-home american comfort food!
The food was outstanding and definitely fresh.
Cracker barrel food never disappoints me.
Of things are cheaper, and fresher.. the organic veggies and fruits tend to be less expensive than say.
Food is very diverse and seeing the fresh vegetables and fruits is a treat.
I love this whole foods!!!
They have the most amazing foods and grocery selections.
Cheap groceries = crap gmo, corn syrup latent foods!
One of the better whole foods locations i've visited, especially for beer/wine.
I love their bulk foods section with a huge selection.
They have awesome prices on delicious items (a lot of which are healthy, but not all).
It is the most delicious thing i've ever tried in a long time.
They have a huge meat and seafood area as well as several restaurants and a roast meat section.
No additives in their brand name food and they now stock the major brands as well.
This whole foods looks quite new.
Wine and beer are sold in the store too, and as  usual their selection of fresh food is really high-quality.
The food is always awesome.
The food and service are on point here.
Very good middle eastern food it's very close to home and authentic.
Staff and owners were very friendly and food arrived quickly even though they were very busy for a small place.
From items like eggs, fresh produce, dairy, grass fed beef, fruits, and nuts.
If your hungry order yourself a taco, quesadilla, gourmet hot dog, fruit smoothie, salad, or lumpia.
Move over reading terminal, this place lets you sample all their fruits and veggies before buying!
Succulent fruits, vegetables, smoothies, cheeses, herbs, crepes, meats, you name it!
Staff at the seafood counter have a great personality and offer helpful suggestions for preparation.
They will have a wide variety in the packaged goods, fresh produce and a wide variety of meats and seafoods.
Can't wait to see the live seafood tanks full!
This is the biggest whole foods i've been to yet.
This is not as big as some of the other whole foods in town, but its still good.
The salad bar is great and they have pizzas and mexican food and fresh sandwiches also.
Always delicious and wonderful service.
They have the best sales and really fresh food, hence the name.
There is usually someone roaming the parking lot wanting food or money.
I think fry's can be a bit pricey but i'd rather shop here than wal-mart for food.
Anyway, on to the food.
The whole foods market in north scottsdale is by far the best i've visited in the area.
Tons of fresh produce, meat/seafood, a bakery, grocery aisle with home care products.
I really wish whole foods would open a store in calgary!
Loved eating in the patio, food is fresh and delicious.
The service is great and the food is always delicious.
The reason i am a fan, this is a deep discount food store, and most people need a deal!
If you love fresh fruits veggies and plants and baked goods this is a nice market to stroll around.
They also put out samples so you can try the fruit.
This is specifically about the whole foods location on south las vegas bl.
It was so authentic and delicious!
Food has been consistent the 14 years i have been going.
I absolutely love this whole foods market (wfm).
Speaking of vegan, their vegan food selection is vast!
Everything from fresh, healthy, raw vegan foods, to yummy fried, soy/ tempeh/ seitan vegan comfort foods.
They have all of my favorite brands (gardein, follow your heart, boca, vegetarian plus, earth balance, beyond meat, sodelicious, etc).
I also love their fruit sorbets.
I do suggest visiting these bars earlier in the day, as they look quite dreadful (dried out foods) by night.
The fruits and veggies have been very fresh and flavorful.
They have a great selection of organic foods
This place has great food and excellent service.
I enjoy coming here they treat you like family and their food always taste fresh.
I have been eating here for a while but they really deserve good credit for their food.
How am i supposed to figure out how much my food will weigh and subsequently cost without accurate measuring devices?
Due to the varied selection and reasonable prices for fresh food, upgrade one star!
Delicious poutine, pastries, smoothies, and beautiful fresh produce.
The sashimi is like butter, homemade shrimp tempura, and a wonderful selection of japanese foods, treats and teas.
Nothing fancy, but great fairly priced food.
Anywhere i can grab a delicious dessert with my craft pint, i will love forever.
The deli there is great as well
You can find almost anything you need at this whole foods.
And you can earn fuel perks by shopping here as well as earn food perks for buying has here.
Look: these are the things some huge grocery store didn't want, because the food was too close to eating condition.
Asian vegetables are exciting!!)
I picked up some mochi ice cream... delicious!
They also have famous hippo house bakery items delivered fresh and fresh, sushi grade fish shipped in weekly.
I have been to many whole foods before...they are all the same...fancy, great choices, and unique foods.
Here's the problem:  i have a 5 star taste  on a fast food budget.
I love great food!
More food and even more choices...they even sell shoes there!
The produce was wonderful, the fruit delectable and the cheese out of this world!
They offer very unique and hard to find foods spices and juices for example.
The food was fresh and delicious and the staff was phenomenal.
Excellent food, great service, nice little patio with fireplace outside, yada, yada, yada......
Vegetables in bulk are a godsend if you go through them like we do.
It feels weird buying vegetables from costco but they have a high turnover and they're always super fresh.
They have a great selection of fresh foods too.
Actually, all the food from that takeout window is really good.
The staff were very friendly and the food was good.
The rice was fluffy and delicious, and my chicken kabob was delicious - all white meat, nicely marinated.
I wish i could give it more than 5 stars.. food rocks, everything is fresh!
The cheese burger, even as a "medium well," was absolutely delicious, not dry at all.
I really don't like food on vegas strip, so i usually drive out to eat.
If you're into merditerranean food, definitely check this place out.
I love the food.
My wife always ordered fish tacos and tuna salad sandwiches and she has not had one complaint from the food.
Trader joe's has a lot of eye-catching snacks and healthy food.
I really like this whole foods market.
There's a grill inside, a tiny restaurant, an asian food bistro, a pizza counter, and the list goes on.
The inside has everything food wise that you can imagine.
There is a whole coffee station along with an area of prepared foods.
Great food and service.
Everytime i travel, i have to go to whole foods market for supplies, water, fruits, raw snacks if available...
The selection of raw snacks and prepared foods is immense, i've never seen anything like it.
It's expensive yes, but i love how they have specific fruits that are already pre-cut and placed into containers.
I love their selection of wine and beers, also their meat, and pre-made foods.
I personally love their red velvet cake, it's tiny but the icing is soooo delicious.
It's just fun to walk around getting snacks, grabbing some fresh fruits and vegetables.
This whole foods location is the absolute best!
The selections are great, the employees are great, the food bar is great.
I love coming to whole foods for lunch.
The food is always fresh, delicious,  and ready to eat.
And you can always have confidence knowing that your eating whole, organic, and fresh food.
Prepared food and fresh ingredients.
I haven't tried their cooked food or bento boxes before, but it looks good!
Today, whole foods has lost their greatest employee, a woman named angel who worked at the juice bar.
When i first started going to whole foods i went to the paradise valley location, near my house.
Angel was always such a delight to talk to.
When angel told me she was leaving whole foods i was selfishly upset.
This was the first whole foods we visited in ohio.
Awesome variety at the food bar!
First whole foods that didn't have croutons on the salad bar... and no rubber bands... interesting.
First time i came here i was a bit scared to try persian food .
Service and food is always consistent, homemade, family owned/ operated.
The best persian food in vegas by far!
Thanks zaytoons for the friendly service, keep the great food coming:)
I wish i could give this place 10 stars, from the food to the service everything was perfect.
Don't tell anyone, i go to whole foods to get donuts!!!
The aisles are more spacious and they have more food selections.
The food here is consistent and delicious.
Also, there is a plethora of precooked food that is amazingly good.
This venue is similar to reading public market in philadelphia or revival food hall in chicago.
The variety of food available guarantees that everyone will find something satisfying and the prices are not outrageous.
This place has the best persian food in vegas!
I've tried paymon's before but thought it was way overpriced for mediocre food.
Tons of great fruits and veggies, cheese shops, chocolate stores, and more!
During some point the subject of food is going to pop up.
As a big fan of margaritas and mexican food i always attempt to steer the dining choice this way.
3.5   cool place for harder-to-find european foods.
Their hot counter is definitely worth a try, as is their deli section.
Absolutely loved this place with all the fresh fruit and flowers and all the food stalls.
:)  on the other hand, the frozen food aisle is fully-stocked with a variety of seafood, dumplings, buns, etc.
Great shop,  unique food items,  a little pricey at times, but overall a great place.
Food court offers chicken nuggets and fries and poutine along with the standard hot dog and pizza.
Great assortment of produce, fruits, dairy and general goods.
A one stop shop for all things delicious.
Great assortment of tropical fruits (mangoes, pineapples and coconut) and always something new.
Large portions of food and drinks, fast and friendly service!
It's almost got a whole foods feel - almost.
The fruit we got was amazing...except for the sticker on it that said imported from california!!!!
They have lots of snack food, frozen foods, a nice selection of dairy products, etc.
The deli area is the highlight though.
They make delicious sandwiches, using quality ingredients.
The deli uses boar's head meat, which is excellent.
Caters more towards singles, so there's not really bulk discounts for packaged foods
Aside from having all sorts of wonderful spices and fresh produce here their restaurant next door serves a delicious kabob.
It's tasty and delicious and they have their kabobs cooked to perfection!
It's clean, well-lit, the food is fresh and the people who work here are friendly.
Jackfruit, durian, guavas, dragon fruit and of course mangoes).
Good food takes time people!
The food here is better than anything else in ahwatukee.
If the people who don't like it here stop coming, more great food and atmosphere for the rest of us.
This is mostly a large farmers market sprinkled with prepared food places.
Food counter was clean and fresh, and the veggies are always fresh and very nicely priced.
Lots of fruit and vegetable stalls.
The quality of their meat counter and prepared foods is merely average - no better than a giant eagle.
Price is cheap and food is good.
Delicious southwest breakfast - chorizo torta, chorizo burritos.
Healthy options as well - steel cut oatmeal with fresh fruit and a selection of toppings.
I've been living in montreal for 4 years and i've never found a place so cheap with such delicious food.
Avoid fast food, eating healthy doesnt have to be expensive.
Fruits and juices do wonders for your body instead of chips and soda to curb a hangover.
In terms of prepared foods, they're excellent.
The food was amazing.
There's a small deli area filled with fresh sausage, halva, fresh bulgarian cheese, a variety of fresh baklava and olives.
The whole foods at town square is sparkling clean and has the most attractive produce i've ever seen.
Case in point: the cheapest jar of pasta sauce i seen at whole foods was $2.39.
So many options when it comes to, butchery, fruit and vegetable vendors.
Food choices include bbq, seafood, ice cream, middle eastern desserts, sushi and roast chickens.
Sure, maybe you can find cheaper prices on certain items elsewhere but the collective whole is a foodie's heaven.
We bought some vegetables, duck and chicken as well as some sandwiches to go.
More like fast food than dine in.
Great spot with variety and quality food.
Ramen, candies, chips, different fukaki for onigiri, tuna/mayo onigiri, books/megas, bakery stuff, frozen foods,bentos!!
Good service and their burgers are delish!
I'm from the south and appreciate good southern food.
It's not top-shelf food, but it's inexpensive so i feel like it meets my expectations.
Sassy's piña colada french toast is so delicious that my husband said he's certain it is served in heaven.
The stacker is delicious with either sausage or chorizo.
The food was awesome and my waitress patrice was warm, attentive  and genuine.
She kept the coffee full and was quick to follow up with us after the food was dropped off.
The place is pristine, the selection is impeccable and the food is outstanding.
The perfect amount of cheese and sauce and delicious meats.
Food is consistently very good.
Fresh fruits and sushi grade (!!!)
The selection of fresh vegetables surpasses every store in the valley.
Keep up the great work whole foods!
These are non-food products and have a different theme each week.
The food was inexpensive but it was also "cheap."
It is a huge indoor/ outdoor market place with dozens of little food shops.
Butcheries, cheese (fromage), beire, vin, specialty foods, bakery.
The outside shops is all local farmers with flowers, fruits, vegetables, honey, maple syrup, corn and pumpkins.
Great service, great freebie snacks and samples, great prepaired foods, awsome produce and butcher shop.
But their credo is: quality is the way we  roll  at whole foods,and you get what you pay for.
There are definitely far fewer fresh fruits/vegetables and ready-to-eat food stores here.
There is an eclectic mix of food stores from cheese/fromageries, smoked meat, curry, maple syrup, etc.
Don't expect to find much fresh seafood at this location but if you're a meat eater you are in luck.
Great assortment of veggies and fruit.
The best food they have is yogurt covered pretzels they are to die for!!!!!
Delicious fresh locally sourced food - reminds me of panera.
I love to come here on a sunny spring or summer day and pick up fresh, local fruits and vegetables.
The manager special section in the cold foods always has good deals.
Your kid gets to take a free fruit while you shop!
The price of h mart's baked goods and packaged processed foods are often on the more expensive side.
If you're looking for pre-packaged ready to eat  korean food though, then h mart is golden.
The food was delicious and cooked to perfection.
Unfortunately it took a while to place our order and get our food.
It's good to have a place to get prepared food and beer.
The prices here for meats and seafood are unbeatable.
Food is prepared to order.
Every item on was delicious...i could taste all the spices and seasonings.
), rice, and a delightful assortment of side dishes, all neatly organized on a lunch tray.
The deli sandwiches made here are tasty as they're made with boar's head and are fresh.
It's not pita bread its more like a tortilla but very delicious.
I love this place to buy my cheese, bread, fruit, and nuts.
They have a nice deli, a huge frozen section and the cheese bunker is excellent.
An oasis of real food in the chain-restaurant wasteland of ahwatukee/south tempe.
Very 'hardcore' asian food super market.
Apparently if they do not have it (asian food) you don not need it.
I used their delivery service for the first time.
They were running an hour and a half ahead of my delivery window and asked if they could come early.
The $9.95 delivery charge is well worth it.
I think the tofu is delivered on tues, thurs, & sat...im not sure on the exact times.
Great food and amazing desserts.
Every once in a while food comes out super fast but it can take some time too.
One example is the baked-in-la bart's cookies that the hawaii whole foods don't carry regularly.
Their food is awesome!
The food keeps us going back.
All veggies, fruits and deli looked so fresh
This place was huge, with rows and rows of delicious fresh produce and other products.
We bought many different fruits and veg, all delicious.
I shop at fry's, safeway and basha's for food for the family.
Our cat is the reason i go to whole foods!
The groceries are fairly pricey, but that's the deal at whole foods.
I also enjoy the prepared food area.
Love the deli counter because they give you a sample of what you are getting sliced.
We waited about 15 minutes but that's to be expected in a small place that serves good food.
The food was well priced and big portions.
It is a diner, and that is the type of food it is.
Nevertheless, the staples of their food offerings are there and easy to find.
It was absolutely delicious.
I was told the huevos rancheros was as delicious as before.
This sobeys has it all including a restaurant take out area of daily prepared hot foods and sushi.
Very small persian/iranian cafe with good food.
I love my fruits and veggies and this place offers them up nice and fresh wether it's pineapple or peppers.
Trader joe's is the ultimate place to buy delicious, healthful, and sometimes organic foods.
The frozen pizzas are great, the hummus is delicious (excluding the spicy pepper) and they have awesome naan.
Besides frozen foods, there are a lot of cold prepared meals that are easy to heat up.
For the outdoor market, you'll see vendors selling fresh fruits, vegetables, flowers, etc.
The best way to describe it is homemade comfort food.
Also a good place to pick up fruit, etc.
To eat when in vegas as who can live on hotel food only for a week?
Love this store's events including wine tastings and food demos.
I am considered a very picky critic especially when it comes to food.
My wife was craving hummus and mediterranean food.
After a little research, we stumbled upon this delightful persian market and deli.
Delicious food combined with reasonable prices and efficient service with a smile makes zaytoon a winner in our book.
The food reminds me of stuff my mom, aunts, and grandmothers cook and the service is good.
Last night i went with my girlfriend and our food came out really fast, which was great.
But whole foods market  does have an awesome selection of higher quality food.
The buffet there has an excellent variety of food for you to eat.
I started to eat better food after watching this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kljgblwh3wc  and whole foods market is a good place to start.
I was in vegas for a week and whole foods help me eat and drink without breaking the bank!
Loved the sample stations throughout the store with more delicious food to try.
I can very much appreciate when a place takes the time to perfect fantastic quality food and service.
I just discovered, well my roommate discovered the most delicious new drink.
Fantastic fresh local produce, and a wide variety of food stands.
Loved all the generous free samples of fresh fruit and vegetables.
I like their prepared food selections such as salads, sandwiches, hummus, salsa, and other items.
Create your own sadwich at the deli counter as well as a dine in/waiting area with tables.
At the end of the market you step outside and they have several food stands all home made.
We tried the creole food and one dish was enough for two.
They sell fresh meat here, lobster, flowers, vegetables, pastries, and much more.
I have not tried any of the other foods, so this review is only of their desserts.
You can sample a lot of the fresh fruit and veggies in season as you browse through the market.
- it's large and has a good selection of food items.
We spent most of our time in the food and liquor section (go figure).
One of the four aisles focuses on prepared food, with great sandwiches, crepes, pastries, and sausages.
Their fresh juices made to order are delicious.
The lady is who served us was very accommodating, friendly, and makes sure that we receive the food hot.
I can't stand it when we eat out and the food is room temp or almost cold.
We have been here several times now and the food is always fresh and the service is friendly.
I even like their fresh herbs, cheese, and variety of fruits.
Whole foods is my favorite place to shop for groceries because of the huge selection of organic items.
Whole foods is environmentally friendly, healthy diet friendly & staff friendly so i really love coming here.
This is my all time favorite whole foods market in north america!
In all honesty though, this place sells all organic, healthy, just great products and food.
We're talking like 15 different soups, salad bars, sushi, proteins, veggies, rice,  made to order mexican food, korean bbq..everything.
The food is always warm to hot when i get it.
Trader joe's never fails to delight and, of course, i purchased more beer and wine that is humanly necessary.
Wow this is a top notch whole foods.
The readymade hot food bars have an awesome selection.
Fresh sushi, salads and deli is fantastic as well.
There's a smokehouse that smells delicious.
The prices are super reasonable the service was amazing and the food was great.
The chicken kabob was delicious and the beef was just okay.
A huge plus is the fact that they also serve fresh fruit juices!!
The main thing being having a completely separate space for the food court, which also has lots of tables.
Persian food is not mainstream in america, but maybe it should be.
There's a lot of emphasis on fresh vegetable and meat presented in the most appealing manner.
Good food, selection has been improving.
The best iranian food, ever.
They also have an excellent selection of cookies (top notch monster cookies), pastries,  and deli salads.
Great place to go to if you love to make your own mexican food.
Will always go out of my way to stop here for fruits and veggies!
A wide selection of organic food with reasonable price this short phrase can explain well the traits of this market.
Finally, a truly natural foods store that will give whole foods a run for its money.
Mary's chickens are $1 cheaper per pound than they are at whole foods.
The buyer obviously worked very hard to find these foods.
The food is always consistently excellent.
Turns out, it takes so delicious they haven't had one complaint since!
Seriously great mexican food.
What real mexican food should be, unlike fake chain spots.
Right on gabs, this whole foods rocks!
I heart the new whole foods!
Great spot for home cooking food!
Delicious sandwiches, the price is right, and very friendly people.
Great place for fresh food as well as great touristic area!
I grilled the steaks 2 days later and they were delicious.
I eat here about once a week, usually on wednesdays because their salad and hot food bar it $2 off.
Kind a pricey compared to the near by food lion but way better produce, beer, meat selection, and quality.
We had lunch there and everyone i was with raved about how delicious their meal was.
And you can pair your delicious huevos rancheros with a beer.
Yummy applewood bacon, delicious biscuits, hot from the oven!
The have delicious sweet tea and sugar ham as well!
99 ranch has a fantasy variety of quality foods, at a reasonable price.
I love f&e, fresh food for very fair prices!!!
I once got 3 weeks worth of food for $23 just shopping at the half off section.
Huge store, covered parking, sushi bar, starbucks, sandwich bar, deli.
Huge selection of healthy and organic food, all very clearly labeled by green font on signs throughout the store.
Huge wine selection, nice wine bar where you can order made-to-order food.
As scott mentioned, same inventory as the rest, and also with a food center and a pharmacy.
Fresh veggies, fruits, spices, meats, olives... and it goes on and on.
The quality of the food at giant eagle is far better than other stores.
We got sandwiches and other prepared foods from a vendor near the end, and they were awesome!
The food is excellent!!
Do yourself a favor, and switch to food lion!
Food lion is just ten times better.
This is similar to bulk food stores in amish country, but right here in lakewood!
Amazing fresh all around organic food with super friendly and cool staff my favourite grocery shop in the world.
Good fruit bowls and smoothies!
In the front of this large grocery store there is a separate little café for fruit bowls and smoothies.
They have 24 ounce or 16 ounce fruit bowls.
The 24 ounce for $10.00 bowl of fruity goodness was delicious and refreshing.
The prepared food is delicious as well.
I had a black bean, chicken, and corn burrito from their deli counter for dinner tonight and it was fantastic.
Food at hillside is always super tasty.
Wherever you look there are so many delicious samples to try.
I saved 40 dollars once shopping at food 4 less, rather than one of the other vegas markets.
Samples available made for a delightful stroll
Pietro is an absolute delight!
Moving to madison area soon and looking for a good asian food store.
The store is also clean snd looks like they were setting up a hot food area coming soon f.y.i..
This place reminds of st lawrence market in toronto but more veggies and fruits then seafood.
Fruits and veggies look so good!
Frosted sugar cookies are my favorite food and this is my go-to bakery.
Wide variety, and their donuts and kringle are also delicious.
Small japanese market that has snacks and other food which seemed to be a tad bit cheaper than mekong.
This is a one stop shop for all your food and household needs.
There is a sushi place, desserts (cakes and ice cream), deli and juice bar, all of which look real good.
More choices of groceries and food.
Great place for some authentic mexican food!
My partner had the enchiladas and said that they were delicious!
From tacos to crepes, food options are abundant.
The one spot that i did frequent most was mangue et melon, a fruit smoothie/juice stand.
They even had taste samples available for fruits, which definitely helped drive the purchase home.
I finally found a place that makes authentic japanese food, that's super inexpensive, delicious, and fresh!
If you're looking for delicious, affordable, japanese food this is the place to go!
Service is quick and friendly, prices are fair and the food is seriously yummy.
Delicious i also tried the passion fruit macaron and the rose one.
Whole foods could earn a fifth star if they provided a little more instructions on seasoning options.
A duplicate of carload in bloor west village (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/carload-food-market-toronto) right here on queen east?
Really cute building housing specialty food shops and kiosks.
Whole foods has always been my favorite store.
The blue sky salad with chicken is my favorite salad and the chicken sandwich el quac is delicious as well.
I splurge and order it with whole eggs and it's quite delicious.
The food was excellent !
I've gone to this whole foods for many years, and i've seen a big improvement under amazon.
Still some missing items always makes whole foods frustrating.
In the deli section they had lasagna (turkey, beef, and cheese) and each had a tag on them.
The vegetables look fresh and quite good, and the prices are good if you are looking for some produce.
We also went to la boite aux huitres, which is a little seafood corner inside the market.
What's really nice is it doesn't matter where stateside you go whole foods delivers consistency.
If you like to get your shopping on and catch a healthy meal after, whole foods, is there for you.
I'm a huge lover of fruits and this place is heavenly.
This is an exceptional whole foods.
Fresh sliced deli meats are usually near expiring because of the low turn-over due to high prices.
The best place to buy food in montreal.
Pasta, pasta sauce, chinese food specialites, sauces, spices and everything to flavour your meat/fish from the other market stores.
They also have a starbucks inside and a great choice of deli sandwiches.
The food is so remarkable, and there is nothing, no matter age, culture, or culinary preference.
I also really like how well stocked the deli meats are.
Great food and atmosphere!
This place is like a department store as it has lots of items other than food.
There is a great variety of foods including both produce and canned/packaged goods.
I bought jackfruit which i had never tasted but was recommended by an asian customer.
It turned out to be really delicious; a flavor which is a mix of mango, pineapple, banana.
Buy a small piece as i did since jackfruit can easily weigh 20 lbs or more.
Everything is locally sourced and the ambiance is delightful.
Our server madeline was wonderful and very attentive!
The food was subpar but still good.
Fantastic food, fantastic service.
I like everything about this sprouts from the granola, coffee beans, and cheese... to the fresh fruits and vegetables.
Aka whole foods light.
Moist and delicious cake with a killer cream cheese frosting.
Like any other grocery store, avoid the after-work visit because the wait at the deli/bakery can get long.
Meats and seafood looked fresh, well organized and is priced good.
Less poland-sourced food than you might expect in a typical eastern european deli.
Very nice and clean, a bit pricey, has a "whole food" feel to it like other reviewers has said
The fruits and vegetables are really fresh and delicious.
They also have some ethnic food shops - we split a delicious corn fritter with an amazing tomato chutney.
Very affordable and good food.
I guess fruit is the best choice in this case.
Because based on what they cooked and offered, the food was well made and very tasty.
I will need to come back again to sample the other food choices, apparently they serve a good dinner too.
This is my favorite whole foods and my favorite grocery store!
My favorite is the yasmin hummus (must try), i also love the vegan cookie dough, delicious!
Great deals on fruits and vegetables.
The store is a large one, with seperate bakery, deli etc.
The meat section is also a fair size, with a large fresh seafood display.
The deli section has a fairly complete selection of cheeses and an olive bar.
I love the food here.
It's always fresh and delicious and i've never had a bad meal.
Food that delivers on the brand promise.
I think whole foods is pretty dang awesome!!!
I've always been a sucker for large spaces filled with endless rows of yummy food!
Since they have now opened the sunset overpass, coming to whole foods has never been easier.
I like the food, the space, and the chai tea makes my world go round.
Its so crazy to have servers waiting around for food when there is so much they can do.
This is hands down the nicest whole foods in the valley!
What i really love about this whole foods is the northside beer and wine bar.
I could basically live in this whole foods!
Food and service is usually solid and the atmosphere is great!
They have many vegetables in 99 cent packs.
Oh, and they have one of the best selections of canned vegetables and legumes with no salt added.
Great food, and amazing service.
Where you can find fresh fruits at reasonable prices!
Great place for a foodie like me!
Great food, great atmosphere, great service.
This is a smaller whole foods.
At other whole foods the juice bar can be small and the menu can be a little limited.
We also had their delicious cinnamon rolls while there too- also amazing!!
Even if i had money falling out my anus i wouldnt spend so much on food.
The store has lots of options and hot food in the back.
Food is really solid for a pub too, they even have some really tasty more healthy choices.
They also have a decent-sized natural foods area.
I can't speak for the deli, meat, and seafood sections since i'm a vegetarian.
There are also a lot of dishes you won't find at giant eagle, especially in the frozen foods section.
Trader joe's offers a ton of vegetarian convenience foods, something that giant eagle is lacking.
I've often found better prices than at whole foods, and good savings when i've bought items in bulk/multiples.
My very favorite place for mediterranean food to go to!!
Utopia for food lovers.
Food is great and service is good!
Food is great here, but it's the friendly service that stands out.
We tried the chicken soltani and the fesenjaan - both were flavorful and delicious.
Overall, a great option for middle eastern food.
In my opinion they have the best persian food in the city beside of a warm and friendly staff.
I'm impressed by zaytoon's attention to food quality and customer service.
This whole foods has everything including a bar with tv's..... yes i said a actual bar.
The common man's whole foods?
For other generic items like eggs, fruit, protein, it may be cheaper to go across the street to giant eagle.
For example...on the bakery end of things you could get simply bread (simply delicious!)
I could spend a whole day here just talking to the venders and sampling all the local food and drink.
Full of delicious vegan comfort food including mac and cheese, salads, milkshakes, quinoa bowls, nachos, and burgers.
The store is small, but you can find everything you need in japanese staples here, minus fresh veggies and fruit.
The restaurant side has great persian food and wonderful desserts.
I love whole foods, anybody who knows me knows that lol.
But nonetheless i love this place and i have wanted to work for whole foods for the longest.
Glad to be a member of the whole foods family :)
It's got a nice atmosphere, good service and good food.
My husband and i both had salads- the asado and venetian with shrimp which were both delicious.
My wife and i go shopping here all the time for the asian foods (wife is vietnamese).
Servers are great, atmosphere can't be beat and the food is of another level.
Staff has always been really nice, the food area is usually pretty good.
The food at hillside was good (he had a breakfast burrito and i had pancakes).
Don't get me wrong... the food isn't fantastic.
Meat and seafood area is clean and not smelly.
Food court - small food court and bakery if you want pick a quick lunch or dinner.
Tj's has so many foods that i adore that you just can't find anywhere else.
I love to stock up on freezer foods at trader joe's, but their fresh fruits and veggies are also fantastic.
Great food and love the mom and pop atmosphere.
Homemade fries were delicious and the salmon was great.
There's something about the smell of fresh air mixed with garden fresh fruits and vegetables.
They carry just about every kind of mainstream vegetable, carrots, tomatoes, onions, and so on.
One time on a work trip in washington state, it was dinner at the food court.
Had a great lunch off the "weigh" your food bar!
The produce is consistently some of the best around, the deli meats are quality, and the meat case is inspiring.
So many good frozen foods as well.
Awesome service and food!
Don't let the location fool you, come by for some great middle eastern food.
The food was excellent and the service was friendly without being intrusive.
The las vegas location of whole foods is the best one in the city.
It's a drag to drive all the way down here from summerlin but worth it for the food bar.
The choice of food is much healthier than the summerlin location.
The one from whole foods was moist and tasty!
They have everything you can imagine, from dog food to great wines to freshly prepared food to delicious breads.
I love whole foods!
I love buying my veggies and fruits from them because everything is always super fresh.
Oh and their olive bar and precooked foods are also great.
Absolutely wonderful imported deli & grocery products, especially eastern european meats, cheese & artisan pastries.
Prices are very fair & all the food is so yummy & fresh.
Really loved the positive energy at whole foods market.
Will have to come back for take out food
The falafel they have is delicious and juicy.
This is my favorite place to get great quality organic and/ or hard to find foods and products.
I must say many of the food i purchased on that day was cheaper than other asian grocery store nearby.
They have nice selections, if i am home more often, i would have purchased more food.
They have cafeteria serving chinese food and boba drink store inside.
________________________________________________  whole foods whole foods you're a tasty place.
Your cheese selection  rocks my world, your food bar is sublime.
I love you, whole foods!
So many varieties and places that actually sample their fruit.
Love  this whole foods!
My son is allergic to milk and the deli lady made him a free sandwich with now cheese!
Good food = high prices though, so i suppose i will suck it up!
Whole foods is the only place i have been able to find these items.
For under $10, you can eat delicious middle eastern quickly.
They have a nice selection of food.
I like their food lion savings card.
Consistently great service, large portioned food, and at a great price!
It's a good grocery store & has a nice selection of food items.
$5 meat department special & other $5 deli deals.
Every single salad is cold, crisp and delicious.
I have been going since they presented their food at the festival.
Contrairement aux grandes épiceries, exofruit garde son cachet d'épicerie "familiale".
Overall, the food was very tasty, though a bit pricey.
I love all the food choices including the hot foods, the salad bar and all the already packed fresh items.
Food is always good here but the service is typically slow.
This tiny market and food stop packs a serious punch!
I didn't try any of their food, but it looked tastey.
It truly has the best variety and selection ranging from groceries, to organic foods and even spices and condiments.
The average: o  deli took forever to get a scoop of potato salad.
Organics and bakery fresh fruits and veggies   shop til you drop,  i love this place.
Trying new food is exciting to me.
We had great service, excellent company and the food was ok for me.
It is so lovely and big and has everything from oysters to fromage to fruits and veggies galore.
Everything we ordered was delicious.
Out of all the compare foods this one is my favorite so far!
They always have tropical fruits that you can only find there as passion fruit and star fruit.
I love everything about this loblaws, they have great produce and an awesome selection of organic food.
The deli is great too, lots of rotisserie and fried items.
They are friendly, the food fresh, tasty and amazing, and clean.
The wide variety of organic fruits and vegetables here keeps me coming back.
Despite all the fast food, i am a healthy shopper when i make it to the grocery store.
For thanksgiving this year i ordered two fresh, farm raised diestel farms turkeys from whole foods.
I will definately order my diestel farms birds from whole foods next year.
This placer is outstanding,  food was so good and the service was super!
Best mexican food ever!
The food is delicious, the service is great, also the store in it is awesome.
I love getting the aloe drinks and eating it with the delicious meal.
You have to come here and try the delicious food!
I love the deli section!
We drive quite a distance just to get the very special persian food prepared here.
This unassuming little out of the way place (for us) serves dynamite healthy, freshly prepared food.
The space really celebrates the community and the ability to get fresh foods and goods.
Store is clean, ample seating...what you would expect from a whole foods.
That came with a little side of fruits.
The food was good and the ambiance at 7am was very quiet and pleasant.
Organic fruit and vegetables, local options too.
The market itself has great variety, fresh fruits and vegetables as well as prepared food.
There's plenty of maple syrup products and candy, seafood, cured meats, pastries, flowers etc.
Although their restaurant is also in a market and not really fancy, their food is out of this world good!
Its amazing and seriously my favorite place to go when i want persian food (especially their beef kabob).
Their aguas frescas (fruit waters) are also very yummy my favorites being the cantaloupe and watermelon one.
If you fish from their seafood department they will fry it for you for free!
Mmmmm costco is so delicious.
They're good for fast, junk food...such as lunch.
Pretty much a heartattack in a styrofoam bowl, but its delicious!
The store was large and like most whole foods it had most things i was looking for.
The restaurants on site are good, the food is most often prepared with ingredients you find right at the market.
All the food is prepared fresh and ready to order.
I loved that the produce all looked super fresh and you could try the fruit before buying it.
The market mostly sells fruits and veggies but they do have the odd egg, meat and flower stalls as well.
And most of the vegetables are prepackaged which is convenient but you can't really select.
The food is great and authentic.
The food is always fresh and the beer and wine selection is fantastic.
I love coming here and just browsing all of the interesting asian and pacific island food.
The food is out of this world.
You order at the register and they bring your food to you.
I wasn't blown away by the food but the place was a lot of fun because it's unique.
Nonetheless, it's clear people have allowed the ambience and vibe to affect it's opinion of the food.
The food is good but not noteworthy
It's a food paradise!
They have fresh fruit and vegetable stands that occupy half the market.
Great food and reasonable prices.
Delicious, cheap sub sandwiches!
Very friendly people very quick service tasty food.
I would never have ended up in this place if not for my foodie wife.
The selection is very wide for fruits and vegies.
Love this whole foods.
The food is awesome, the cornbread is wonderful, and the ice tea is fresh brewed.
Each food vendor was better than the last.
I haven't shopped the grocery area much, but their ethnic food section is very impressive.
You have to love the convenience of a healthy food store right near the mall.
They also have a nice selection of alt-diet foods.
Their prepared foods are second to none.
The selection at whole foods is awesome.
Pretty good food !!
And all have been delicious.
This place is great, very good selection of japanese food and dishes.
The food doesn't seem crazy expensive as some reviewers have mentioned, but the dishes and cookware is actually crazy expensive...
Their prepared foods are good as well, i often stop in for lunch.
Delicious food and great service!
Definitely clean, all of the fruits and vegetables are fresh.
The waitress recommended the spicy tuna rice bowl and i am so thankful that she did because it was delicious.
It was pretty much an unwrapped spicy tuna roll and came with a delicious side salad.
In a word, the food was excellent.
Mjt is a foodie heaven!
I am so in love with the food.
Great service wonderful people and awesome food.
The food is always fresh and prepared when ordered.
I didn't expect that they had lebanese food.
But,  they had a a huge variety of lebanese food items, imported and made locally.
I also couldn't help but notice the turkish food and the indian/pakistani groceries available as well.
I love to cook and so,  next time i will also pick up some indian food groceries.
Coco in the seafood department spent 30 minutes filetting four branzino fish for me.
That is certainly a full-service seafood department.
Good customer service is hard to find but this whole foods has it!
Deli, bakery, large produce area, booze, meat, and everything else.
I didn't find anything that i really wanted to get but my sister got a few food items.
It's affordable, convenient, and the food is just plain good.
This place has the best selection of cheeses in calgary!...they are all delicious.
Found a great parking spot, was sat on the patio immediately, and we both enjoyed the food.
Food lover's  paradise....in addition to superb butchers & fromageries, the prepared food stalls are incredible.
Restaurant nilufar bucks that trend by delivering simple and healthy middle eastern cuisine at a great value.
The vegetarian falafel wrap is some of the best food you can get in montreal for under $2 bucks.
The focus here is on great food at a great value, everything else is just a distraction.
Usually i don't like the store brand chips or other food but no name is really good.
They have a juice fountain and always have one of their entrees or food items.
This is especially true in the frozen foods section.
Love that they have a health food section.
It's a small, family-run establishment that has lots of room to grow, and has delicious meals.
However, we were able to find some pre-prepared foods near the cash registers.
Nothing in the food court!
New location, but same great food!
Food is always fresh and the staff is always friendly.
This by far is one of the best whole foods locations i've ever been to.
The food is great, from the garden omelet to the kale salad!
I had the "friggin chicken", which was friggin delicious.
They also have a hot bar for warm food.
I do wish they have a variety of foods that they served for the hot.
There's a great seafood place right in the front across the oyster bar.
What a delicious lunch.
It was so delicious and a good detox from all the pastries i've been eating in montreal!
This is a gas station, gift shop, post office and delicious diner all in one!
The food was above diner quality and hearty.
I've been to a lot of whole foods locations, and this one remains the best!
This is an oasis for people who are looking for good groceries and good food in the heights area.
Big fan of their seafood just surprised that the tank exploded the day that i was there.
Hendertucky should be happy to have a seafood city in their neighborhood!
The food court is always packed so you may have to wait for seating.
For prepared foods, i wouldn't get the sushi here but a lot of things look pretty good.
Got a fruit tart and was extremely surprised that it was super delicious.
Went here one night a little late and it was good food as to be expected.
Cakes were done on time, and were delicious.
Their frozen seafood section is awesome!
This is the largest whole foods i've ever been in... seriously, it's nearly marvel-worthy.
Returned here because last time the food here was awesome.
The food was brought to me in less than 10 minutes fresh off the grill.
The food was delicious and told my entire staff about this too!
All the way around, the process was simple and painless, and the cake delicious.
Just find for a sit down for delicious asian cuisine inside as well.
I went in to see if they happened to have a wider verity of malaysian foods for my hubby.
They have a wide verity of southeast asian food.
However, the quality of the food is inconsistent.
Large selections of seafood, fish balls, hard to find produce, ramen and frozen buns.
As opposed to over $3 at reyna foods).
This made my little heart flutter with delight.
There is lots of snack foods.
The subs are delicious and perfectly balanced with each ingredient.
After i paid for the food, she started scanning a bento box of the next customer.
But as i said, the food is very good and cheap.
This is whole food but less pretentious.
Multiple small food vendors and a farmers market type place share one common area to sit.
The food venders include coffee, pizza, sushi, bakery, deli, and a bar.
Community natural foods has made huge strides in making "healthy" easier for everyone.
My mom comes here mainly for good, cheap fruits.
I always leave the store paying 20 bucks or less for a cart full of fresh fruits.
Even better, the food here is amazing.
It always tastes fresh, flavorful, and ultimately delicious.
My favorite is the popsicles and fruit bars!!
They have great food (nothing is frozen or microwaved), and amazing beer on tap.
They have an indoor hall with vendors and sections of tea, meats and vegetables.
Atwater also has an outdoor food court that sells variety of ready to eat foods.
Love the produce, fish, and rte food.
I love the sauces, the fruits and veggies, and the meats.
Vegetables are great prices, although limited options.
Great breakfast - food and service.
Great selection of food.
7th street is like a little foodie tour of charlotte.
I always say sprouts is like the love child of whole foods and trader joe's.
In addition to the bakery, they have a deli section, meat and seafood counter, produce, spices, spirits, and health/wellness section.
Bottom line: sprouts is great for the health (-ier) conscious with cheaper pricing than whole foods, but a smaller selection.
Recommend for your whole food needs.
My host family actually became concerned over my food splurging, but it was worth every yen.
Oh, that and the food and other items that i, at least, can't find anywhere else not near kansai provice.
Their lunches are delicious, authentic, and inexpensive.
I could spend hours here sampling the produce and looking at all of the gorgeous foods.
The food was on time and best.
Lots of organics and high quality meats, plus they have alcohol on sale here too, and there is a deli.
Great place to stop for authentic foods.
It was after lunchtime and i was on a mission for some good food.
All of the other food was already packaged up for grab-and-go.
It was so fresh, a nice portion size, and delicious!
Overall, the prepared foods section was a pretty good size and there was a ton of variety.
They also have a nice wine and food selection.
Food is always fresh.
Most of their food doesn't have preservatives.
Overall an amazing service and food.
The food here was the best authentic persian food i've eaten  outside of my in laws  kitchens!
It's a small japanese convenience store that has produce, hot meals/bentos, snacks, japanese condiments, frozen foods, etc.
I also tried their takoyaki which tasted very delicious and authentic.
Food is great, service is even better.
I love the  family owned business and how the attached grocery store offers israeli foods and goods.
This little plaza has a supermarket, restaurant, food court, eateries, and little shops.
One side was more of the deli/food service, while the other was wine and desserts.
I've only had persian food once, in los angeles, so i'm still learning.
Everyone is always so nice and the food is always great!
I could very easily walk into whole foods, leave with an empty wallet and be completely fine with it.
Seriously, whole foods has it all...even local!
Kudos to whole foods for keeping it in the az family.
Sadly though, they seem to be avoiding the old town/arcadia area for a whole foods (hint hint?!)
Bread service was nice, food came out a decent time and we also tried the neapolitan dessert.
I just moved here and was having a hard time finding authentic japanese food items near downtown.
Basically everything food related is great.
Fresh deli with great tasting sandwiches.
I have bought pizzas from here and they are delicious.
I often eat it for dessert with some fruit- absolutely heavenly.
This is a massive whole foods with a great selection of everything possible.
One of my favorite whole food stores locations.
The quality of the produce, meats, and seafood are higher end.
I'd been here a few times for breakfast but never lunch, but was very pleased with the food.
The cafe was quick, cheap and delicious!!!
Fruit was bountiful and really fresh as well.
I have been to larger whole foods, but i'm comfortable with the size of this store.
The food is always good and the service is always above and beyond expectations.
I can buy some cooked asian food everyday anytime at their self served food court section.
I can try the different appetizers and fresh fruits just right after i enter into store.
Vocational training for the developmentally disabled and reasonably priced food that you can't find anywhere else.
Their sandwiches, salads and pizzas are delicious.
It's conveniently located and the food and service are great.
Well, this is a market for beautiful foods.
Fruits and vegetables ontarians are used to plus those from many asian countries and india.
Fruits like dragon fruit, pomegranate, persimmon, cactus pear that were at reasonable prices.
Inside store design kind of reminds me of whole foods.
They even have a freezer section dedicated to gluten free food from their bakery.
Their deli counter/bakery has fantastic already prepared foods.
Fresh food, awesome shops, and great people.
My go to holistic food store!
Or i could be at the deli counter, getting some delicious boar's head meats and cheeses.
I go to ranch market or whole foods to get my produce on.
The best persian food that my husband and i have had in years!
I avoided writing a review about whole foods for so long because, hey, it's whole foods?
As other stores have caught on/caught up to the wf model, my expectations of whole foods have only risen higher.
Well played, whole foods!
20+ years later, and the town square location puts extra fluff in my whole foods pom poms.
What do you expect it is whole foods.
All-in-all you know what you're getting because it is whole foods.
Our waitress was awesome and had our order in and food out very quickly.
The food is all fantastic and of good quality.
It doesn't look like anything fancy on the inside, but their breakfast food is to die for!
With tons of fresh fish and seafood.
Seafood section - a lot of varieties of fish that are on ice and very fresh.
By the way, they have a rather large hot food section of all pilipino  specialities that looked awesome.
The hot food section was packed with eaters so it must have been great.
Cute country feel, open air market with local grown foods, food trucks, crafts and household products.
Many of the patrons were out and about with dogs, and there were some interesting food trucks with covered seating.
Buy real local food instead of the crap at most supermarkets.
And along with food, we perused and bought some kitchen goods from cuizin and a cookbook from librairie gourmande.
Marche jean-talon also sells fresh-cut flowers, herbs, vegetables, fruit and other souvenirs.
The entire team at whole foods is amazing!
You can have anything in the seafood department cooked to order, anything in the meat department butchered to order.
I highly recommend this location for great prices, people and food!
It is also close to some good food options in the same center.
I haven't bought too many food items there yet.
It is delightful to walk through the place and admire the farm bounty that grows in the area.
Besides farm produce there are food stalls and food shops on the next block.
If there was ever such thing as 'comfort food for the brain" this is it.
They have everything here, organic produce, food to take out, a salad bar, fresh flowers / plants.
They still have the hot/cold food bars, etc.
And everything you would come to expect from a whole foods.
You usually get way more food than you can eat and the price is right.
Great flour tortillas and flank steak.lots of hispanic foods.
Still solid food here....service got better though!
Can't go wrong with the food here.
If you are looking for authentic food and you are nearby, give it a try and you'll agree :)
Food is priced to sell.
Food is awesome - my go to is the chicken enchiladas.
The tortas are huge and delicious.
They provide a little sitting area for you to enjoy your food, but it gets crowded quick.
Bring cash and an empty stomach and you'll certainly find yourself in food heaven.
The fruits also seem really fresh, but i didn't buy much.
Good food, great biscuits, good service, and a nice clean atmosphere.
I'm a huge fan of community natural foods.
Community natural foods has done an extremely good job at making healthy, organic food extremely palatable.
I finally found persian food in vegas :) the food is great and the market is pretty cool too.
They have food, mostly clean, and the service is decent.
They had a great selection of fresh fruits and the normal staples needed for a camping / road trip.
Look into "foodie fridays" or "5x7" not sure what they call it these days.
This is definitely the place to hit up when you want some comfort food.
But the selection of food was good and my boyfriend was able to find some good local beers here.
They also carry rxbar which is a delicious energy bar made in chicago and completely natural.
I eat this kind of food often and this place was very good.
It was sheer thai food heaven.
This is a true gem of a restaurant worth visiting if you're a thai food lover
I love to go there for fresh fruits and veggies as well.
(there are other dried fruits with chili on them too which i also recommend :)  5.
Love this whole foods location!
The store is well organized and the food bar is so tasty!
Family food is the best little market in downtown area.
Groceries,fresh produce, variety of beers and wines and delicious deli.
Fry's is one of the many upscale grocers in the area and is owned by the food retailer kroger.
We used the whole foods as a cheaper and healthier restaurant option (compared to the strip).
This store has top quality in meat, seafood, and dairy.
I spent around $50 for about 4 days worth of food.
Hands down the best whole foods in vegas.
When you go to whole foods, you expect spectacular service in every area and this place never disappoints.
The most awesome selection of dried fruit/nuts/etc anywhere, and also at the best price.
Great selection of frozen fish and vegetables, also at a great price.
There is a wide selection of candy, dried fruits (banana chips - yum), and baking ingredients.
One of the things i especially like about winco is the bulk foods area.
Think sprouts; these are loose, bulk foods that you decide how much you want and put in a bag yourself.
There is a huge deli department, large produce and everything in between.
The prepared vegan selection is the most extensive i have ever seen- and more importantly, delicious!
Good selection of foods.
They have a great selection of bento boxes and cooked meals as well as prepared foods.
They have great food in the bins, local fruits and veggies, and healthy food selections.
Some days you just want food that is bad for you in the best way.
This location has a separate area for its hot food orders (snack bar area).
It was absolutely delicious and beautifully decorated/colored!!
This review is for the juice bar at town square whole foods.
This whole foods location has the best and freshest orange juice in the entire city of las vegas.
Even the other whole foods stores in vegas don't have the same quality of fresh orange juice.
Ok, i popped my whole foods cherry.
They just don't have some prepared food items, within the store they have a whole food court.
They also had little stands of ethnic food - namely thai (the curries smelled good).
This is the most convenient whole foods i have ever been to!
I love the prepared foods (cause laziness).
I love the deli and butcher.
Floral, deli and meat departments continue to receive high marks from me.
Great food and drinks w/  a nice variety!
I think i want to dislike whole foods.
Or having someone behind the deli counter smile at you when you order turkey.
Freezer meals homemade, delicious.
Employees are so nice, the store always smells great with all of the scents of every type of food imaginable.
Food choice is huge.
Good food and good service in a convenient location to south mountain.
Whole foods has the best customer service than any other big stores i have been to in arizona.
Also, i feel their brand; i have had vegetables, cheese, turkey and wines.
I wish there were more food shops, but the place is great as it already is.
The food at cracker barrel is always amazing.
We bought fresh, sushi grade fish, vegetables, seaweed, rice, rice vinegar, saki, and beautiful sushi plates.
My everyday stop for anything from organic fruits and vegetables to sea food and poultry.
I really like food 4 less.
Their prices are pretty high but so are all specialty food stores so that doesn't shock me.
They aren't any higher than whole foods for most items.
Most fruits and veggies go bad way faster then other grocery stores.
They have a nice selection of organic foods too for reasonable prices.
I like their snack food choices organic and regular.
Grocery shopping has never been so delightful.
They have great food gifts, too, if you need an idea for the gourmand in your life.
You get what you pay for here and if serving quality food is your goal, look no further.
Their selection is really good, they have a juice bar, wine bar, hot food/cold food anything you could imagine.
This is a good spot for healthy food from anywhere in the world.
The food was decent.
Good food, good prices.
Both were delicious and priced right.
Until then, 4-4.5 outta 5 for good food for a reasonable price.
The core of produce stands is ringed by fixed locations of other prepared food and ingredients.
These include several bakeries (arabic, polish, french), coffee roasters, spice stores, seafood shops, butchers, and the like.
I stop in virtually every day to grab myself a grapefruit fiz, and see what specials they are running.
Typical and universal at the same time expressed by people there and food of course.
Similar to mekong, but larger selection of international foods.
Good fresh produce and fruits and quick items to grab and go.
The deli is very good and fresh foods and chicken.
Very simple and very delicious.
I did the byo omelet (chorizo, turkey, gruyere, spinach and jalapenos were my choices) and it was delicious.
It is such an eye candy for me to see bright colours and display of fresh fruits and veggies.
We got assortment of fruits, maple butter, duck breast, fois gras, and bread today.
So, the food costs more here.
Definitely a greater variety of foods than at some of the other nearby indian stores.
After the veggies, i saunter to the deli counter where the sweetest swedish woman works.
The fruits and veggies could be fresher and need to be labeled as far as place of origin.
We were delightfully surprised after coming upon this place quite by accident.
The most authentic mediterranean food we've found in vegas!
I turned out beautiful and tasted delicious.
The prepared foods are a good price too and tasty.
This is the most amazing whole foods i have ever been to.
I love to pick up their pre-packaged fruit when i am on the go (it is pricey though).
- the food bars/stations.
The food is excellent!!
Plus, woodman's actually has a pretty decent latino foods section section.
The good food and service has been consistent over the 6 years i've been coming here.
It is delightful to walk through the place and admit the farm bounty that grows in the area.
Besides farm produce there are food stalls and food shops on the next block.
This is a good whole foods grocery store.
Terrific produce section and good selection of prepared foods.
A well curated mix of small producers, truck farms, tiny storefronts, prepared foods, lots of fun stuff in here.
I am especially impressed with the deli service here!
I like my deli thinly cut, and every time i request this, it is done no problem.
Plus they layer the deli with wax paper so it doesn't stick together.
Anyways after a while we got our food.
Lots of food vendors to chose from!
I love that i can treat myself to pretty flowers and delicious food on a 20-something budget.
Great offerings of prepared frozen foods.
Whenever i ask about an herb or a vegetable, he is so knowledgeable and gives great cooking advice and tips.
These bagels are totally delicious.
A delicious bagel and free entertainment.
Their fruit is for the most part from somewhat local farms (blueberries were from michigan, blackberries from here).
A seafood city near where i live.
I always love coming to seafood city because of the friendly staff and friendly filipinos ;).
I visited today, 05/13 and the only food stop open was grill city.
I have found the fruit and vegetables to be well stocked with fresh/ripe inventory.
There is a nice floral section as well as meat and deli.
They have a wide variety in the seafood department & pretty cheap compared to other grocery stores.
Wide variety of frozen foods, meats, snacks, produce, drinks, & asian staples/ingredients.
There is also a mini food court with casual dining options.
For the most part it's pretty much just food.
The food at hillside spot is incredible.
The food is incredible.
Really good iranian food.
I do prefer the other hmart when i'm getting prepackaged dry foods because there's a bigger variety to choose from.
It's not really a farmers market per se: lot of the fruits are from mexico or california.
The prepared foods are local.
We didn't really eat anything so i can't comment on the food in particular.
This is a hint)   i love their deli and they carry sweet republic ice cream.
The food here is very tasty and authentic.
Delicious on its own.
Add a little butter to it when its nice and hot, and it becomes delicious !
We decided to try this place last night and the food was delicious!
Delivery from midland to concord $60.
Delivery was an hour earlier and they did notify me it would be.
Another delivery on 6/8/18 exactly as requested.
The food it pretty good, with most items being slight variations on favourites we all know.
This place is employee owned so it's no wonder they pride themselves in lowest prices, friendly service,  and quality foods.
Delicious delicatessen and  a good variety of grocery and produce.
The deli section offers boar's head products...which are the bees knees when it comes to deli meat.
This is the type of place to go if you want no frills mexican food at a low price.
If you're looking for an american-style restaurant and more streamlined food this is not the spot.
If you are vegan, you must check this whole foods out.
The food has always been great was lacking a bit in service.
It's finally here, seafood city in the henderson area!
Except steroids cause shrunken testicles and can lead to cancer, so those are not used on the vegetables.
I love the competition between sprouts and whole foods.
Excellent food, excellent sevice even with 11 people in our party.
Best mediterranean food in vegas!
Small but convenient and the food is awesome!
They came out fast, hot and delicious.
Their cafe also has very good food and is moderately priced.
This place was highly recommended by a friend when i asked about trying mediterranean food for the first time.
The customer service by far will keep bringing me back along with the wonderful food!
It offers frozen ethnic foods, burgers (even vegetable burgers), fish, vegetables, desserts, and everything in between.
They have fresh, cut on premise meats, a great deli department and a hell of a beer selection!
My favourite roman style pizza, homemade soups and wholesome food to go.
The garlic spread is delicious and their lamb/chicken kabobs are cooked to perfection.
[duplicate of an equally-applicable review i wrote for the costco food court at the scarborough location on warden].
We are still being asked where they came from by our guests-they were delicious!
I enjoyed my experience with this particular whole foods market.
I will be returning to my local whole foods  market.
Always fresh food, easy to find items, helpfull staff and fast checkout.
Take a shopping bag and fill it with picnic lunch delights purchased from this extraordinary farmers market.
This whole foods blows all the other ones in las vegas to shreds!
I heard that whole foods has a bomb salad bar (who knew?!
Thank you whole foods for having a fresh salad bar that makes me feel good about what i'm eating!
The food smells like heaven, looks extremely appetizing and taste even better than all that.
I bought some of their bagels and a pie that were both delicious!
They also had a great selection of coffees and teas and other specialty food items.
As always the food prices can't be beat!
This restaurant is adjacent to a market of ethnic food.
The restaurant has little exotic ambiance however the owner is kind and ready to explain all about the food.
So after watching top chef i was trying to guess which whole foods they went to in vegas.
*sigh*  this store is clean.. but i find that most whole foods are.
On a good note is they have a lot of variety of fruits and vegetables at fair prices.
In fact all of their sauces are so delicious.
Perfectly moist with delicious frosting and filling.
Hoping this is a one time occurrence, because i hope to come back and try more food.
Sassy should describe the food, not the service...
Love the organic food options... and the fresh produce..
I'll agree with the majority of yelpers on nature's bin, a mini whole foods sounds about right.
It you're familiar with sprouts i think it's a cross between a whole foods and a sprouts.
The fresh deli section has a great selection and my kids never miss the .25 comes.
Excellent food and service as always!
We frequent this establishment every week and are never disappointed in the food nor the service.
It is a pleasure to have food such a wonderful place to take friends and family.
This is more of a fast food place, not a proper sit down restaurant with service.
Now for the food...eat here...seriously.
It's more like a small  cross between sprouts and whole foods.
They have plenty of products that i always had to drive to whole foods to get.
The food selection was similar to other stores, but the layout is much, much better.
It is good for morning brunch and then grabbing your weekly food.
I love whole foods.
Life is better with whole foods.
Chez louis for some extraordinary quality fruits vegetable .
Some delicate and real quality sausages.
But my favorite thing about cnf is the little fruit and vegetable garden out front that pops up every may.
I think the prices are also better than seafood city next door.
I'd recommend going early for the food court items if you want it hot and fresh!
I don't know his name, but i just wanted to share this and say "thank you, whole foods man".
From frozen foods to snack, alcohol to cigarettes, premade foods to cleaning supplies, they have what you would need!
On the foodie side, they're always willing to discuss what you are looking for and make recommendations.
Selection - even though this store isn't as big as seafood city supermarket i enjoy it a more.
My favorite things to do here was people watch, eat oysters and eat the turkish delights.
Hands down my favorite whole foods!
We have been to so many whole foods in various locations and we just love the one on mayo!
Freshest vegetable at cheapest price.
I was more than pleasantly surprised at the selection and quality of the food.
The fruit and veg selection is truly excellent, and the prices are cheaper than most grocery stores.
Thus is a sure sign the food is not as americanized.
The lime and cilantro made each even more delicious.
I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious.
The best whole foods in the valley!!
The whole staff will bs with you and joke around, yet they are extremely knowledged on the food they sell.
I went to this year's lunar food truck festival held in the az international marketplace's parking lot.
There was a sectioned off area with a good amount of seating for enjoying your food truck meal.
I think it's great that az marketplace hosted this event and there was so much representation of asian food here.
They have a nice selection of breads and convenience foods.
They also have some great frozen foods.
Our latest find is the rustic roasted vegetables.
We found that trader joe's was far less pretentious and somewhat cheaper than whole foods.
We found a lot of local meats and fruits and vegetables, just like we would have in the strip district.
It is huge and the vendors have every type of vegetable and fruit imaginable.
We had some samples of fruit and they were all sweet and juicy.
If i lived in the area, i would eat way more fruits and vegetables.
There also some cooked food stands and plenty of maple items.
I love their chinese buns they sell here and alwayd grab 3 of them because they taste so delicious.
They have your cooked food sections that have your typical chinese food, bbq items, and ramen.
I even tried jack fruit and the restaurant on the inside.
I ordered my food to go.
Metrolina mulch delivered 5 yards of mulch to my home.
I had the club sandwich and it was delightful!
This is the biggest, newest, craziest whole foods i've been to yet!
Like jason r said, this really is whole foods on steroids!
The only reason i'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that whole foods is so damn expensive!
If you like any other whole foods you've been to, you'll really like this location!
I also enjoyed the food on the dinner menu more than the breakfast stuff i had.
Some of the best mexican food i've ever eaten!
Authentic foods, cheese, meats, oils sauces and wines.
A wide selection, maybe too much, of foods.
Sushi, vegetables, fruits, candy, personal hyg products, books, kitchen utensils, packaged foods and frozen foods.
It was served with delicious fresh flat bread sprinkled with sesame seeds.
My wife got the shish kabob which was skewered pieces of fillet and vegetables.
The carrot juice was delicious and refreshing.
-their selection of meats, cheeses, and seafood cannot be beat.
This is a gem of a little, local health food grocer.
They have a ton of fresh produce and prepared foods as well as personal care items.
Sure, it's no whole foods or earth fare but that's what makes it great.
The food is reliably fresh and delicious.
They offer a better variety of items and foods than other walmarts in the area.
I love visiting food markets when i travel!
You'll see a bunch of vendors selling fresh fruits and vegetables.
I was able to sample fresh fruits from some vendors.
Anyway, our food was excellent!
Even though they were so busy we still had great service and our food was awesome.
Friends in ca call whole foods, whole paycheck and now i know why.
I had a great time chatting with the whole foods fish counter person.
He then went on to discuss the various salmon runs in ak and how whole foods supports sustainable fisheries.
They don't have the selection of organic foods that a whole food has, but you're not paying their prices either.
The food here is amazing!
All food is fresh and delicious.
You take a number and it's like 20 away at the deli counter.
It's a true italian fine foods market.
Beautiful outdoor market with the most gorgeous arrangement of fruits/ vegetables/general produce i've seen.
It was delicious, the soup base was very tasty, i didn't feel thirsty after eating the ramen.
But why is there no emphasis on locally produced foods?
Lastly, we noticed there kitchen, where you're able to order fresh food of bento boxes, sushi, noodle dishes, etc.
I'm doing to try their food and i'll let you know how they taste!!!!
Whole foods has a little of everything.
They have the best goddamn salad bar/deli/prepared foods/whatever.
Thank you god for blessing me with this whole foods a block away from my house.
The food is amazing, fresh, yummy, healthy (most of it) and just awesome.
The food was really good but i'd like to mention the awesome waiter i had today.
I actually enjoyed my food.
It has great food and a cool vibe.
I go often to get my cold pressed juice and organic fruits and veggies.
The premade food bars and soups are great to.
Somethings here are ridiculously priced (cakes), but others are just right and delicious!
This is one of my most favorite places to go food shopping!
I love the reasonable prices for quality healthy foods.
It is a much better value than whole foods.
I'd argue that it's often more reasonably priced than giant eagle as well--especially when it comes to health food.
Highlights are their soy ice creams, vegetable gyozas, and vegan rice krispy treats.
Food quality was top notch and the prices were so cheap!
Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables local and non-local.
Some of the vendors cut up fruits to sample and they were delicious!
I highly recommend them; they're far superior to this delissio cardboard discs.
The personal service here is great.the store clark is very knowledgeable about the many different iranian delicacies they carry here.
The restaurant side connected to the deli/store is also great.starting with the hummus everyone is raving about..
This place is a perfect blend of restaurant and bakery and everything on the menu is delicious.
Absolutely delicious iced tea options!
Delicious, affordable... no other words to say other than amazing!!
I've been to a lot of whole foods and this is my favorite yet!
A prime reason we chose to live in university heights is because it was near a whole foods!
Ps the general tsos vegan chicken from the deli is my new favorite!
Needless to say, i was giddy as i walked around sampling all the wonderful food at marché jean-talon.
But on to the meat of it... the food!!
I was never a fan of whole foods until i went to this one.
It's definitely the biggest food bar i've seen in cleveland and everything is great.
Overall, great whole foods!
One word of caution, be firm with the staff at the deli.
You would never think about whole foods when thinking about vinyl, but they sell vinyl now.
Sprouts charges $4.99 for a product that only costs $3.99 at whole foods (not on sale).
Do you like authentic mexican food at great prices?
No wilted lettuce, no sad carrots or fruit flies to be found.
No idea about the restaurant food, we just picked up some excellent lamb and some whitefish salad.
Pricing is reasonable at the market, and ordering food at the restaurant is affordable.
They do make the food fast, and the people there are very nice.
Also this place is as close as you can get to taste the amazing flavor of middle eastern food.
What ever city/ state i go to i always check out the whole foods.
I love their prepared food and since i live so close it's easy to pick up a breakfast.
The mesquite grill always delivers fantastic smells and titillates your taste buds.
Most of the people that work their vendors are incredibly knowledgeable of all things food.
Make your way over there and support our local food artists and purveyors!
They prepare delicious bento boxes in house and offer a variety of hard to find refrigerated snacks.
Good shopping for fresh food and everything here.
They're have station for foods and so many choice for pick.
Fresh vegetables, unique canned goods and a ton of other hard to get japanese items make this place worth visiting.
No casino sounds come from whole foods!
The food was very good.
A very delicious combination of ingredients.
Even as someone who can read chinese, i was overwhelmed by endless aisles of goodies and delicious food.
They have excellent sea food and it's all been extremely good in my experience.
Definitely worth checking out if you are a fan of whole foods, they definitely hold their own.
There are a lot of great food vendors here.
You order at the counter for whichever place you want, take a number, and they bring your food to you.
I love whole foods.
Mostly i think i shop at whole foods.
It is lunch time so i always end up with a pound of food from the bar.
I also love the experience of shopping here, including sampling foods.
Hands down, favorite whole foods!
I love their sandwiches and they'll cook your fish right in the seafood dept.
Love the serve yourself foods and deli pick it items.
Food was very good; i can't say that for some of the other visits i've had at the chandler location.
The food is superb, authentic mexican and fast.
Whole foods has one of the best beer selections of any grocery store i've ever been to.
Food lion is representing the pride!
I ordered the goudabello burger and it was beyond delicious.
You really can't go wrong with delicious fresh food and great service!
The prices aren't bad for an organic foods store!
When it comes to persian food, i'd like to think that i'm an expert!
The food to me is average, definitely a step up from denny's or ihop, but not 5 star fare.
Every time we have been the food comes out fast and hot.
Lots of dairy, fresh foods and dips, plenty of cheese but only one kind of eggs.
But the food is amazing!
The hot food and dessert section is one of the best around for grocery stores.
Great sandwiches and deli selection, friendly employees.
Markets usually scare me because i don't know how to shop for food.
If i ever learn to shop for food properly, i might just come back here.
I guess if live in montreal you better shop here as the fruits and vegetables are very cheap here.
It's very large place with a lot of great foods available.
I also really enjoy their hot food and salad bars.
Fresh veggies, fruits, herbs, flowers...etc.- all are wonderful amongst the bustling and colorful farmers stands.
It is a good place to pick up the spices you will need to make lebanese food.
They also cook middle eastern food here.
- lots of food...
I love whole foods.
So many options for organic produce , a wide variety of fruits , veggies , herbs and much more.
On y trouve de tout, des fruits et légumes, des épiceries fines, des produits orientaux, des restaurants, et tant d'autres.
Their prepared food bar is great, and the price isn't bad.
Some food can be a bit pricey but some of them are worth it.
They sell some of their whole foods brand wine really cheap, and it pretty tasty too.
Produce: red delicious apples were 2 lbs for 99cents!
To me its a great way to start eating more whole foods again.
It not only entices you with extremely descriptive mentions of their specials but you learn a whole new food lingo.
Also the apple turnovers are delicious.
Gotta love food city's.
The fruit and produce section is amazing and so cheap it's "almost free".
There are food court options including sushi.
The food is amazing.
Large portions of good, high quality food.
They use an open kitchen design so that you can see the food prep, and every single dish looks incredible.
It's so crumbly and chocolatey delicious.
Simple, delicious food from a woman you can trust.
This is good food and she is good people.
If you care how employees treat you --- 1000% go to this whole foods.
Check the northeast corner near italmelody for the 24hr fruit and vegetable vendor!
And for lunching try capitol for prepared foods, or motta or milano nearby.
Fruits, veggies, baked goods, roasted chicken and seafood.
They got everthing form a to z fresh live seafood in a large water tanks.
They also got their own bakery and fast food kitchen inside their store.
The foods here are just tastier, fresher, and presented by people who obviously love food and life.
I would definitely recommend this place for fruits and vegetables, more so than the iga right at the corner.
Last year i discovered the $2.99 oak creek wines, cheap but delicious!
Need dog food from their refrigerated dog food area.
(walmart is the only other place that carries this kind of dog food).
It could be i would have to travel very far for od's food, but safeway has it.
I second adam m's review, and would add that the sandwiches are cheap and delicious.
The pizza at pure pizza was delicious.
The crepes were also delightful.
So many fresh fruits and vegetables to select from.
This is like a specialty food boutique only at bargain prices.
The coffee, nuts, cheese, fruit and vegetable selections are  outstanding and i always look forward to their seasonal items.
Such a good selection of food to choose from from multiple venues when you go inside!
I really like eating at whole foods.
Hands down the best mexican food in madison.
If you like japanese food, good place to stop.
I consider fry's food stores to be our store from now on.
Who hasn't fallen in love with this top-notch market with delicious food and beautiful people and ambiance?
Same with the cooked or prepped food options.
Everything is locally sourced and the ambiance is delightful.
Our server madeline was wonderful and very attentive!
The food was subpar but still good.
(tatum and cactus) produce and fruit selection, amazing!
The negatives, the fish i was told is currently from china so sea food is a big no no!
Deli closes up before the store actually does, (doesn't seem to affect there majority of retired customer base).
I don't eat cooked fish or seafood.
I love eating fish and seafood in carpaccio, tartare, sashimi or such.
Bought a compromised food item and they assured me that this issue would be corrected immediately.
Great prices, fresh food, and lots of options.
More affordable than sprouts and whole foods.
The restaurant is the perfect size for groups, or small gatherings, and the food.
(hate when restaurants just throw globs of big pieces of vegetables and call it a salad.)
I love their organic produce, their boxed lunches and fresh fruits.
Recently opened asian style food mart.
The one thing i wish ez fresh had was a prepared hot foods section like tnt supermarket.
Overall this is a great place to buy your food.
We tend to frequent this more store over other options within a mile from our house (publix and food lion).
We really like the seafood and meat counter at ht over other stores.
I come here for their veggie kabob and it is absolutely delicious.
When my family is craving for some middle eastern persian food this restaurant is the go-to-place.
I love big beautiful whole foods markets.
Yes, some things are expensive and you'll pay more than giant eagle, whole foods or trader joes.
This is the perfect store for healthy food!
I am a huge vegggie and fruit's lover and sprouts is the spot to go!!
People were lining up for local foods, and i was enjoying the spectacular variety and quality of the fresh produce.
Overall, the quality of the food on display were superior.
I love the comfy cozy atmosphere, the friendly service, the generous portions, and the consistently good food.
That's some food coma material right there.
They have interactive games with soccer and fruit ninja.
Good spot for a quick meal in a food court type atmosphere.
And for carrying delicious swiss dark chocolate with 30% whole hazelnuts.
As i was looking at the fruit in the produce section i noticed small black dots on the peaches.
As i took a closer look i realized that these were living insects feasting on the fruit.
Had to try a grapefruit cider that was on tap, and surprisingly good!
I really like whole foods for its market experience.
They have well selected japanese foods.
A wine bar, a sushi bar, a starbucks, a full bistro, a salad bar and deli!
#winning i also really enjoy hazelnut creperie where i got a delicious crepe for lunch on my first visit.
Whole foods, whole paycheck, the dubbya eff.... call it what you want.
I agree that whole foods is not expensive.
The prepared foods are excellent.
For $5, you get 5 food and wine/beer pairings.
They serve down home country favorites, the perfect breakfast foods if you ask me!
I would give it a 4 stars on the food.
Similar to atwater, but there's more variety in goods.. not just food items.
Has a great selection of fruit.
Not so much of veggies but a ton of fruit.
A must-visit for any foodie in montreal.
Several shops offer prepared food, from fresh-fried calamari, fresh-shucked oysters (they were in season), sandiwches, pastas, burgers, rotisserie meats...
Surrounding the marché jean-talon are even more food shops, all of which are delightful.
If you are a cook or a foodie in montreal and you don't visit this market, you are cheating yourself.
We have our biweekly shopping trips here to gather our food.
Because that's how we hunt and gather our food nowadays with our plastic weapon sheathed in its leather case.
Yes i said it, the produce, bakery, deli, and meat associates are great.
Be prepared to wait a little while for your food, especially if they're busy, because it's prepared made-to-order.
I like japanese style food and cooking.
Those not accustomed to this type of food will probably find it bland.
The mecca of all whole foods locations in the valley!
As much as i had to admit it, whole paycheck er foods is the stuff.
There are lots of places to eat from fruit and yogurt bowls, to sushi, to gourmet pizza, to crepes.
You get great service, good food, and fair prices.
4 stats for the food, 2 stars for the urgency that your employees show.
Love the new place and layout, love the food.
If you want authentic mexican food come here!
Good fresh food and frozen options.
Very large clean friendly knowledgeable establishment with special large sized 4-5 freezers full of food allergy subs.
Little expensive but i love all the healthy choices and fresh food selections they have.
Foodie friday's is also great and be sure to bring back your wine glass for a dollar off.
The food fair stalls offer a wide variety of ethnic dishes that look to be very good and reasonably priced.
There was no wait, and food came out promptly.
Food was tasty and we ate it all.
Amazing  one of the finest fruit and produce markets, we have visited in the world.
The quality and taste of the fruit was unbelievable.
They have renovated the dining area and it is really nice plus the food is excellent!
Nice selection of deli meats and cheeses.
Delicious fresh made sandwiches to order.
Overall i found this to be a standard whole foods.
The flowers there are beautiful, and there are endless amounts of food and friendly people to help out as well!
All fresh baked sinfully delicious treats, and breads.
Veggies, fruit- great selection, all fresh, organic selection is off the chain!!
The meats and seafood are great too.
Organic food here seems like it's better priced.
They even grill at no charge if you purchase steak chicken or seafood here !!!
They have a little selection of japanese vegetables such as daikon, kabocha, eggplant, negi, saitoimo, etc!
They have fresh produce, awesome bulk foods, good meat choices, and a nice beer selection.
Wow foodie friday has the entire store full of wine drinkers.
I also love kingsland support of festivals, and food trucks.
I really like whole foods market and just enjoy the whole experience of wandering down their aisles.
Longo's has the most amazing fruit ever!
The selection of prepared foods, healthy/special diet items, etc is amazing.
Probably the best food in all of calgary!
I've never really seen a bar make all their food from scratch.
Best service/ food/ drinks in all of calgary - bar none!
I went to the sandwich station for lunch and got a turkey, mozzarella, olive tapanas wrap which was delicious.
Fresh vegetables every thursday.
Whole foods is a great place to find anything allergy free!
I am allergic to soy and dairy - so i can't eat much of the food found in traditional supermarkets.
Thank god for whole foods.
So if you have food allergies, this is the place for you.
They also have a great bakery and deli and nice employees.
What: very small (two aisles worth) authentic japanese market, with bento boxes and onigiri, dry goods, vegetables and frozen meats.
The best persian food i have had in vegas!
Friendly service excellent food, clean place.
My favorite levantine (means foods like hummus, baba ganoush, taboule, gyros) in pittsburgh!
Delicious, reasonably priced, great service.
Places that are family owned serving great food are a luxury people don't appreciate enough.
Best place to have a laid back vibe and really good food.
The salad selection is terrific if you like nuts and fruit with an assortment of different lettuce.
On saturdays, during my lunch break, i often stop by this harris teeter's deli counter to grab a fresh-made sub.
I usually get the cold sub vs. the hot, despite how delicious the hot sounds.
They also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie.
But first- if you take your food to go rather than eat it there you get charged less tax.
I haven't had the prepared food yet, but it looked ok.
The cheese cake and flan was delish!
Fantastic market in montreal with great food (try the crepes at crêperie du marché and the tacos!
The food is exceptional ,service is second to none.
It offers fresh fruits and veggies, as well as a wide variety of beverages, snacks, and food.
Warm and welcoming place with excellent food.
The cooks are super friendly and the food is an amazing combination of taste for the price.
They have an eclectic selection of fresh, frozen, and shelf foods.
And as others have mentioned, parking here is a wee bit easier than whole foods.
We generally purchase our product at whole foods for this reason.
Really fresh produce...very bay area ca selection of food.
They have a very nice deli inside.
I dry rubbed and smoked them for four hours and they made a delicious dinner last night.
Love their unique foods.
Place is unpretentious and the food is excellent!
This is the best mediterranean food in las vegas and it's not even close!
The food is pretty good, too.
It was excellent to see so many vendors with so much variety of fresh food.
Here happened one of the best meals i've had in a very long time, in terms of middle eastern food.
I love their produce section, their frozen foods, and everything else in-between.
I like the selection of fruit & veggies and found many organic options which i loved.
Their frozen food section is getting much better.
Two asian pears at whole foods would have cost me my first born and my left foot.
We thought the food and service were great and will be back again!
A food desert shaker hts most certainly is not.
Within a 3.5 mile radius of me, there are 2 whole foods and 2 heinen's.
