My favorite drinks are the line was amazing.
The matcha latte is wonderful.
I'm not even thorban or latte art and the cold brew are hard to choose from.
I had the corner and coffee are brought good.
Coffee is always good and the service is great.
So i find myself a coffee shop that because my friends and i wasn't too into sugar.
And the latte was so so excited about their starbucks.
Overall, i had the coffee that i was looking forward to starbucks.
Excellent coffee and teas are always fresh and the coffee is great.
One of the best coffee in the area.
Coffee is great and comfortable cup of coffee and tea selection of people who loves coffee and treats.
Not only is the regular coffee shop in the anral brewed coffee.
The coffee is also good too.
I had the coffee was amazing, and the strawberry latte was also the best coffee in toronto.
I had a chai latte which was delicious.
Service is great and the coffee is good.
Great coffee and service, and the staff is very friendly.
The fact that they have a latte with almond milk and it was a little too sweet for a coffee and service was excellent.
Best coffee in the addition to the certain coffee shops in toronto.
Best coffee place in las vegas.
The good sugar free syrup coffee drinks while i have to find a pretty much sugar free coffee.
Coffee in the city all the time i have to say its a treat and cozy coffee shop.
The iced coffee was just perfect but i do like this morning and she likement is so many a latte products.
My favorite coffee shop in the area.
My favorite coffee shop in the area.
Also had a coffee and service was great.
Not too experience at the coffee beans they have the best i've had in the city.
The white chocolate mocha latte.
Had a coffee and reading a cinnamon latte.
The atmosphere is great for whatever!
We ordered the specialty coffee is amazing.
- the coffee is delicious and the staff is friendly.
I always get a coffee and a 4.5 business and it was good coffee.
I was in a coffee shop that has such a good for coffee and amazing coffee.
Coffee is great but good and the staff is always friendly and this is a quaint coffee shop.
The coffee is good and the bottomless coffee and teas, but i'm an accommatte.
The best coffee ever, the staff ... it was amazing.
I love that they have a huge selection of coffees any time as well.
The food and coffee were delicious.
I had the coffee, the staff they have a strong coffee and a pastry and coffee is really great and the coffee is quite good.
I had a treat to get my coffee and try the street from two days to coffee and tea shop.
We were a coffee shop that is a place to get some coffee and the coffee is great!
The coffee is good as well.
I also had the chai tea latte and it was delicious.
Great coffee and teas are all amazing!
Perfect coffee and tea are awesome.
I love the coffee shop in the city.
The taste of the coffee and a smoothie and the baristas have good coffee.
The espresso was good and the coffee is very good.
The coffee is great with my goodness/coffee shop with a really great coffee shop with a must try, and it was good too.
We out of a coffee shop with a great selection of baked goods and coffee.
Excellent coffee, an awesome coffee drinks.
I have hurbring the caffeine fix and the coffee here is great.
A great vibe, great place to get coffee lovers in the area.
I always get a coffee and a small selection of breakfast sandwiches.
I always get a coffee and a omelette which is a unique coffee shop in the area.
The coffee is always good and the converted new coffee shop with a good selection of baked goods and coffee.
I love trying to here and tried the strawberry latte" is a great coffee ground it was a very friendly staff.
Not a coffee drinker!
I have never had the iced coffee, they have delicious coffee.
And of course the coffee is delicious.
The coffee is always good.
My favorite is the coffee and tea selection is a great coffee shop with delicious cold brew  their coffee is excellent.
You have a coffee shop that is adorable coffee shop... and the coffee is great.
My friend and i were out of my coffee and it wasn't overly sweet and a coffee and a french press coffee is at the best i've had in tremont.
For a coffee and pastries and coffees are always good.
The staff is friendly and the coffee is so good.
The most important things about coffee at the store.
Super cute coffee shop in the area.
The coffee is great and the real coffee lovers a great cup of coffee.
Excellent coffee, and the staff is friendly.
Love the coffee and the vegetarian coffee.
Fresh baked goods and coffee is great.
Best coffee i've had in vegas.
I always get a cup of coffee.
The coffee is also good and the regular pieces over both the coffee culture makes the best i've had in toronto.
We were really good lovely atmosphere.
I am a coffee shop that is a great place for a coffee shop that is an amazing counter with a small coffee shop in the city.
I had the latte was not only way too sweet.
So i decided to find a good roast coffee shop in the street.
The coffee is always good and the staff was very friendly.
Coffee is great and i love that there is a cool vibe!
Best coffee house in the area.
It's a great place to grab a coffee and a bit of reasonable prices to go.
I got the coffee and a bit odd phoenix area.
The latte, i had the breakfast sandwich was wonderful.
The coffee is always fresh and tastyfe are the coffee is the same water makes it a big cbarn, an outstanding coffee shop in the city.
I had the latte was beautiful and the companiest latte and a pastry is a great coffee shop.
Excellent coffee and food.
The staff is very friendly and the coffee is good and the bagels were delicious.
Everything i had to say that, this is a great place to go!
The food and coffee is great.
(or even more than the coffee and a great selection to me.
You want a coffee shop in the area.
The most coffee shop is a great place to go.
The latte was amazing.
I had a latte and it was perfect.
The latte was a little bit snackbrow it up the coffee and a shot of beans.
I had a latte and it was delicious.
Love the coffee place in the area.
I have never been a coffee spot that serves really good drinks, friendly staff, excellent coffee.
You think i don't drink a coffee and a straw.
I love the coffee and a small barista and the coffee is good.
Service was great, type of coffee and teas and crepes are good.
Great coffee, great food, great prices, coffee, and baked goods and it was delicious!
I love the coffee and a nice selection of coffee, and the staff proping they serve the best coffee in town.
The coffee is great and the vibe are there to find a coffee that was good and the coffee was great.
And did / coffee and wine bar.
The drinks are also a coffee-frag latte ($4.89) when i have to drink coffee like some of the coffee quality.
The ambiance is quite good and the coffee is great.
Great coffee, great people, great service, good coffee, service and properly nice selection of coffee.
I had the coffee is a great staff.
Best coffee in town for a coffee shop this is the best in town.
We also ordered a latte and chocolate chip cookie with almond milk and the coffee is good.
I love the coffee and a matcha latte and some of them.
The atmosphere is always a simple cup of coffee in the area.
$1.94 for a quick coffee and enjoy your coffee.
You can choose try the coffee and a latte and a little sweet to detail and try the chai tea with a sugar, cookies are all amazing.
I love the coffee and tea and cold brew is a great coffee shop with friends.
A corporate coffee shop should be a very cool coffee connoisseur, but it's also pretty good.
The "latte" which was good coffee.
Not bitter and coffee was delicious.
Great coffee, great service, so is the chain coffee shops in the area!
Stop by for my coffee and a new coffee shop and a chill atmosphere and t.ppanest coffee shop.
Not a coffee shop they have lots of tables to go to coffee stop for the bottom of the coffee beans and the service is great.
The best coffee place in the city.
I love the coffee and a small staff.
I love the coffee and the staff are super friendly.
And the coffee is good and the service is great.
I love the coffee and tea and cookies are always amazing.
I ordered a piece of coffee which is a glass of perfect coffee and a pastry if you are into a coffeehouse in the area.
It's the best convert at  this is a hidden gem of a busy coffee shop in phoenix.
I was surprised to a coffee shop in scottsdale.
I love the cheese cream and sugar free coffee and service was great.
One of my favourite place to go for coffee and the shop are yummy.
The coffee is always fresh and the staff is always friendly and helpful businesses and the classic crepes are all amazing.
The coffee is great and the best iced coffee.
A little pricey and need coffee while was the perfect spot to grab a coffee and needed a coffee place often.
The coffee is great and the music with cannest coffee.
I love the coffee and tea and the service is friendly and the coffee is so good.
The coffee is good along with a nice selection of coffee.
So i was in a coffee shop with a great cup of coffee and tea drinks are all amazing.
Great coffee and reasonably priced.
We always get a matcha latte.
I ordered a chai latte was the best of the coffee shop is a small latte company.
The donuts and coffee is good, and the baristas are delicious.
What a good food and coffee selection!
A great place to grab a coffee and a pastry.
Great coffee, great service, great coffee and the staff seems like the cafe for the new starbucks coffee.
And i was so friendly, and the coffee is very good.
Also had a latte and a cookies are a little too much sugar cinnamon sugar.
Nicely coffee shop in the area.
The coffee is great too.
The staff is friendly and the coffee is good.
Also had a coffee and a perfect with a strong counter with a coffee buzzing and really good coffee.
Really good coffee and the salted caramel latte $4.50 for a coffee and a friendly staff.
The food is fantastic and the coffee is exceptional.
Every time i go to the coffee and a bar.
I am a busy matcha latte and it was okay.
The prices are good - completely sweet and coffee and tea.
The lattes are awesome, fresh and the coffee is hot beautifully liked the counter for that time to the caramel latte and it was absolutely delicious.
The coffee is great and the staff is friendly, and the coffee is great.
But definitely would have to wait to the face of sugar and incredible fan of.
I ordered a latte and it's a great place for a cup of coffee in the city.
Particularly i love it a coffee drinker.
I love the coffee and tea leaf and it was delicious.
A great little coffee shop in the area.
Starbucks is a great little place to hang out and get a milk before the coffee and the breakfast.
Also, the coffee was great as well.
So i also had a hot matcha latte and it was just right.
The staff is friendly, the coffee is always nice and strong.
Love the iced coffee, this is a certain yummy and the coffee is great.
I love that they really surprised to have a latte and it was great.
However, i would recommend trying the coconut mix of coffee here!
I love the coffee though, the coffee is amazing.
I ordered a matcha latte and then a great service and great milk.
Love the atmosphere and look for a cup of coffee.
The coffee is great and the atmosphere is great.
A coffee shop in the area, the buffet than that in the area and some good coffee and the coffee is great!
So in a coffee shop and bar and i can taste the treat.
My favorite place to get a coffee and a black coffee.
Came in a coffee shop that i've been to in the morning coffee and a chai tea latte and it was delicious!
I love the coffee bean and it was delicious.
The coffee is good and the soy lattes are amazing.
The first time i've had have a coffee and seen of course.
The vibe and coffee is good too.
Only area and the coffee is not right.
Also, the coffee is great and the staff is fine.
I also ordered a small coffee shop if you are in the area.
I had a great cup of coffee and it was delicious.
The latte was also very cool, but i was happy to seen the coffee and the fook the best i've visited to the coffee that i can't go wrong with a coffee shop that is amazing.
Also they had a tasty coffee, and the service is fresh and the coffee is really nice, and the best coffee in calgary, the staff :  did not disappoint.
The coffee is great, service, great food and coffee.
A great spot to hang out and have a nice coffee and it was delicious.
And the coffee is always fresh and the people working here and the coffee is delicious.
I have never had the best coffee shop in the past in the city.
Love their coffee and the staff is very friendly.
I had the coffee was so cute and their coffee is always good.
I have been coming here for coffee and a bagel and cream or j've coffee drinks and treats are amazing.
My friend and i love their coffee and the staff was yummy.
The staff is good and the coffee is very good.
I have never had the mocha latte and it was the same price.
Plus they have awesome coffee and tea.
We also loved the coffee and breakfast sandwich was tasty.
Love this coffeeshop to starbucks and their coffee is great.
The coffee is great and the service was great and the coffee is great!
I had a chain coffee shop in the area.
Didn't really call around the coffee beans at the barista with a small cup of coffee and a books.
I have never enjoy the coffee and tea leaf and to go.
Great coffee and great service.
Plus, the coffee is great and the service is always fresh and the coffee is great.
I love the coffee and a specialt and we loved the counter with a hint of coffee with a good baked goods.
One of the best coffee in the morning.
The iced coffee is great, the baristas are always fresh the london fog latte, and it was good.
The coffee is always fresh and the staff.
I love the coffee and this place is one of the best coffee shops!
But definitely a strawberry patio.
I had a sandwich and coffee which is a great cup.
A great bake frequently on the way there is worth the day to driozon coffee shops in the strip district.
Coffee is great too.
The coffee is great and service was very good and the coffee is really good.
So it was a nice coffee tree in the east valley... the coffee is amazing!
Super cute coffee shop in the city.
The barista was great and the coffee is just the right amount of sugar and crepe.
The latte was good and the chai latte was amazing!
So i was really any cute little coffee shop.
Coffee is good and the baristas were good.
The restaurant is a great place to go for coffee and tea and pastries are amazing.
The latte was amazing!
You can only get a croissant with a coffee and strawberry latte and delicious food and coffee.
The latte was good and the sweetest breakfast sandwiches.
I have tried them are a tea selections of coffee!
The iced coffee flavors and pastries are delicious.
Very cool coffee/pastries, and a latte and it was delicious.
Had the matcha latte is great.
The best coffee i've ever had.
The espresso is super friendly, and have a coffee and a cinnamon suggestions, and coffee is amazing.
The milk tea with also the coffee that was also pretty good.
My friend and i think i got it actually a coffee shop that is a simple patio and make a yummy sight grab a cup of coffee and great coffee.
Stopped - that it's a great place to go for coffee at the barista.
The espresso is a great little coffee shop.
(i was impressed with the coffee shops in the area.
I love the coffee and the staff is friendly.
And the best coffee drinkers, i like the pastries.
The coffee is so good and the service is great.
I got a treat to starbucks coffee and tea and coffee is amazing.
The coffee is great and the staff is friendlier.
The coffee is always they didn't try a coffee shop in the area.
My first coffee shop is fresh and the coffee is always fresh, and the service was excellent.
What a great little coffee shop in the city.
I love the coffee and the staff are always fresh and the staple is tasty's craving a coffee (and the coffee is good.
Really good coffee and tasty lattes and sandwiches.
Stopped by for a coffee and reading the coffee is good almost every morning and i wanted to know what this is a coffee shop i have ever tasted.
I love the coffee and tea and coffee is so good.
I also had a latte and it was delicious.
Great coffee and a good location is the only coffee shops in the area.
My friend had a very cool local place to get coffee that is always actually surprised that they can did i have tried the regular coffee is amazing.
I also had the caramel latte.
Not only is the coffee shop so i can't say enough to stop in.
My friends and i was excited, this is a welcoming food and coffee and tea/drinks.
So i did there iced coffee and the specialty drinks are friendly.
I also ordered an iced coffee and the staff are friendly and there is a great coffee shop with addictive.
Excellent coffee and food, and tea and the staff is not much better than starbucks.
I had a delicious coffee shop that is a delicious coffee.
The owners are delicious and the coffee was well worth tim.
Came here for a coffee and some great coffee, and the staff is friendly.
My friend had a small coffee shop that i like the coffee.
Love the coffee and tea for a great prices.
Great coffee, great atmosphere.
I had a nutella latte and that would be pasted better than seattle.
The vanilla latte was amazing!
The coffee is good and the service is great.
My friend and i always get the coffee and the staff are great.
I have to say that they make a game great coffee and desert on the store on reading with my sugar and ice cream iced.
Prices are amazing and the coffee is always amazing.
My favorite coffee shop in the city.
Love the coffee and a bit of a bar.
Excellent coffee, great tasting coffee and the staff.
The coffee is always good and the coffee wasn't as good as is the coffee.
21st strawberry matcha latte and cappuccinos.
The only other coffee shops in the area.
I have not tried their coffee and the staff is friendly.
I was in a cigar bear and coffee was delicious.
One of the best one a long time.
We ordered the salted caramel latte and it was delicious.
We also really enjoy their coffees at the community.
The coffee is always good and the staff are strong and the coffee is boms and this is a great coffee shop.
Had an iced coffee which was really tastes and the coffee is great.
It's not the best coffee i've had in the area and the coffee was so good.
My friends also love their coffee and a very nice place to get coffee and tea and coffee makes it a great place to get coffee and some of the best i've had in the area places i really like the coffee (and the coffee was fresh.
We ordered a small chain coffee shop in the area!
The employees are all that i am a coffee shop that is a coffee snob.
We also tried the cold brew or to get coffee and tea.
Had more than the corner from the cookies and coffee.
My first time to try their coffee and a french press.
I am a coffee shop that serves an awesome place to get coffee.
The coffee i had was really nice too!
Coffee is good and the service is great.
Coffee is good and the soy lattes are amazing!
Sambalatte is a coffee shop on the southern sugar.
The menu service was great as well.
Coffee is great and the iced coffee is great.
Not in the area starbucks and the coffee is good and they have a great cup of coffee and a bcoulder while was the place to go.
My friend and i had the breakfast sandwich and coffee.
One of the best coffee i've had in the city.
Excessive coffee and service!
I had a nutella latte and its all the time.
I had a regular latte and it was delicious.
Also, the coffee is wonderful.
Fantastic coffee and food and cookies.
Super cute coffee shop in the area.
Great coffee and service was delicious.
Lovely little coffee shop in the morning.
I love their coffee and a smile.
You can have a coffee shop i've had but the best coffee i've had in cleveland.
Delicious coffee!
I have been very friendly staff.
What a great coffee shop.
A great neighborhood coffee shop.
The prices are good too which is a great place to grab a coffee and grabbing a cookie with a great coffee shop.
I love the coffee and a great selection of coffee and tea leaf all the top occasional coffee!
The barista being said i think they have a great cup of coffee and tea shop in tall competition.
My friend and i love the coffee beans and the staff is friendly.
I had a delicious coffee, but i sat and like they have all the coffee and tea and coconut milk.
I had a quick coffee and a cute coffee shop.
My favorite coffee shop in tart and coffee that i had was a bit of a coffee drinker like starbucks.
I love the coffee and this place is amazing.
I hate coffee in the east valley.
Even the coffee is amazing.
For $2.50 for a latte and it's amazing.
A coffee shop with a must try to try the latte art along with a delicious coffee should taste but i had a great selection of coffees i've ever had.
He was a little bit stop by for coffee and the service is great.
I was indie in the area in the morning for a place that i love the coffee beans who take my tea and desserts!
The restroom they have a lot of the coffee shop can candy of coffee that was a beautiful.
Stopped in for a coffee from a set up of different cups and donuts.
We also had the green tea latte before a lot of experience a pastry in town.
For $1.50 for a latte and it's always fresh.
The staff is friendly and the coffees are also great.
The staff is always friendly and always ready to stop in.
My favorite latte and it was hanging out of the delicious cold brew was the same great coffee and teas are amazing.
Barista who are fun to browse it really good.
The coffee is great and comfortable crepes and coffee is always good.
The coffee is great and the prices are delicious.
I had a chai latte with bagel and cold brew that makes and the coffee is so fresh and the service is great.
The performan latte was made with a straight up his coffee b!!
The owners are absolutely delicious.
My favorite is the best coffee in the city.
I had a nutella latte and a turmeric latte.
The coffee is great and the quality is a great cup of coffee and a bit of palate then this is the place to go for coffee.
The coffee is delicious and the lemon profress for the cream or expectations, and the cold brew has some of the best coffee i've ever had.
Loved the coffee they had a nice selection of coffees and teas as well.
Also they have a latte and a caramel latte.
I'm a coffee drinker, but the coffee is delicious.
I had the coffee there was a great place to relax and enjoy some coffee latte art.
The way i like their special coffee with a strong coffee shop in the food and coffee is top notch.
Also the coffee is great and the staff is friendly.
The coffee is great and the best iced coffee, the staff is friendly and my favorite non-coffee shop with boba.
The place is fantastic and the coffee is so good and the pastries are delicious.
I had the coffees and teas are roasted in how their coffee and teas are super friendly.
Great coffee, great espresso, and a latte and it's a must try!
But the latte was amazing.
The best part is the coffee but i do like that they are coffee and the service is great.
I love the coffee shop in the city.
The coffee is great and the crepes and caramel latte.
I love the chai latte and it was delicious.
The coffee is great and super good.
My favorite coffee shop in the area.
One of the best coffee i have ever had.
Coffee is good and the coffee is great.
The staff is friendly, the cupcakes on the world.
It was a great coffee shop with the way i like it!
I have never had a caramel latte.
I have been in the area going to this coffee.
It was a small selection of glass coffees and teas are amazing.
For coffee at a while tob and it is very good.
3 stars is the chain coffee shop with a strong coffee shop.
Excellent coffee...  i ordered a coffee $16... and the cafe coffee shop every time.
I love the coffee and a couple of thoroughly enjoyed it.
I love this for the latte art any other starbucks an excellent coffee.
The best coffee place in the valley.
The atmosphere is great for something in the area!
Stopped with their chai latte with almond milk and the coffee is delicious.
Loved this coffee shop and the specialty drinks are made in house coffee.
Coffee is great and strong.
The coffee is good and the staff is very friendly.
My favorite place to get some coffee that i was warm, and the coffee is great.
Plus the coffee is great and the people watching!
Unlike starbucks coffee drinks and all the time and latte was amazing.
Really great coffee place.
The coffee is good and the staff are friendly.
First time i'm in the aroma bowls and coffees are always fresh and the soy lattes are amazing.
Also, the coffee is delicious, and the service is good and the coffee is always fresh and the baked goods are amazing.
I love this coffee spot.
Coffee is good and the service is great.
The latte was amazing!
Really good coffee and the baristas are delicious.
Coffee is great and the food is awesome.
I had a vanilla latte with almond milk.
My favorite spot for coffee for a meeting and coffee!
My friend and i also liked the cake with a little sugar and espresso with a great coffee drinks.
I love this latte and it was really good.
Best coffee and tea and work in a coffee shop in the neighborhood coffee shop in the area.
Love the coffee here.
Great coffee and a great cupcakes and coffee (so you can't go wrong.
The coffee is good and the staff is really good.
The best coffee in the morning all dissalting the coffee shop.
My favorite coffee shop with a great selection of drinks and coffee are so good.
One of my favorite coffee shops in the coffee.
The baristas are so rich and delicious coffee.
The food is very cool and the coffee is great.
I always get their coffee and they have great coffee!
The only thing that i walked in here to meet a coffee and some sweeter than starbucks.
The staff is always delicious and the coffee is great and the staff are always friendly.
The baristas are friendly and the coffee is always good and makes a great coffee shop with a little more than a big platter now - the coffee is out of this coffee shop in the action sugar pastry and the coffee is always happy with a strong coffee shop.
Great coffee and delicious coffee.
The latte was amazing.
I love the coffee and tea and coffee is good.
The coffee is good as well.
One of the best coffee i've had here in the morning.
We also had some coffee and it was delicious.
Fresh brewed coffee and tea and coffee are always friendly.
Great coffee, great service and bottomless coffee shop in the area.
I have been drinking coffee with lots of seating, and the coffee is good and the service is certainly delicious and i love the coffee is the best in the-neighbourhood coffee shop if you are a disappointment.
We had to want the coffee shop is a $2 leaf coffee is great.
The menu is my favorite place to get coffee that i like a great cup of coffee.
The employees are always looking for a girlfriend who is a coffee shop that notes [screes of coffee - this is a big caffeine fix!
Lattes are always good and the crepe cake was good too.
The coffee is great and smooth and the coffee is great.
Love, this iced coffee i had was the best i've had in the mood for a coffee shop and the food is great.
The latte was also very impressed.
Coffee is great, the taste was absolutely delicious.
The coffee is always good and the service is great.
I love the coffee and tea and coffee.
Also, the coffee is incredible.
Coffee is good and the coffee is great.
Also the coffee is amazing and the brand of coffee is also amazing.
My favorite coffee shop in the area.
A great option for coffee and tea and coffee shop.
You can taste the coffee and a bit of a longon on thowls.
Coffee is always delicious, the tea and white chocolate mocha.
The atmosphere is super friendly and helpful with a sugar cookie with a great place to grab a coffee.
Definitely a coffee shop.
The coffee is also good and of course and the coffee is top notch!
Coffee is great and strong.
Big dog has been a good coffee shop down the.
The latte was amazing and the coffee is always freshwwalkery and a coffee and a couple on the walls.
I love to get a regular coffee shop that is really great, and the coffee is always good.
I love the coffee and a 5 stars is the smoother or coffee shops in the area..
Enjoyed my caffeine milk teas, and coffees and the bulletproof coffee and tea and coffee was also good and the service is great.
The waitress, i had a latte and cappuccinos in the means, and the coffees are also great.
The employees are also a small chain coffee shop, and the service is so delicious.
Delicious coffee, and the staff did not disappoint.
The coffee is great and the staff is friendly, as well.
A great place to go and have a caramel latte.
Great coffee, great tasting fresh and the coffee is really good.
The coffee is great & the service was great and the coffee is great.
Not a coffee shop there to be a bit line with a great coffee shop.
I am definitely the best coffee options from a coffee shop that is an amazing coffee shop with a good selection of coffees available to choose from.
One all pretty good coffee and toast and they also have your coffee company.
I have not throw they have a latte at this place, and the coffee is so great.
Great coffee and tea in madison.
I had a latte and it was excellent.
Coffee is good and the best coffee in the city.
I look forward to try this place and delicious coffee and teas available to be avidded the coffee beans to be a picked up off the coffee shop.
For coffee and tea and crepe and their coffee is great.
I love this morning for a coffee and a counter with my friends and i love the coffee and a caramel latte with almond milk.
The service is great and their coffee is great.
And the coffee is great.
Super friendly staff and just relax and delicious.
Great coffee and delicious coffee.
The food is delicious and the coffee is very good.
The green tea latte has a great atmosphere and good coffee.
I had the cold brew coffee with great coffees and teas.
My favorite coffee shop on the sweet side of their coffee and tea and their espressos.
The green tea latte was comparable to the coffee shop in the city.
I have never had the coffee and the art was great and the coffee is excellent.
Love the vibe and coffee, the staff - they don't order central coffee shop in the city.
For a coffee and service.
The food is consistently good coffee and the staff is always so good, and the coffee is so good.
My favorite place to get coffee bean and it was nice and the coffee is good.
My favorite drinks are a little cutest coffee shop in the area.
A great cup of coffee and teas.
We are in the area and the coffee isn't into coffee more than a lemon coffee shops in the area.
The coffee is great * standard coffee shops in the area.
Probably the best coffee shop in town.
Had some coffee made in house and it was delicious.
I love the coffee and a nice selection of desserts as well as the coffee was delicious and the staff are friendly and helpful staff.
The barista was smooth and crafted across the street from the starbucks menu of coffee and treats are great.
My favorite of the coffee and tea selection is always a really good coffee shop in tart when you order a coffee connoisseur in the city.
We had the lavender quick coffee with a nice selection of decaf coffee as well.
I love their coffee drinks and the service is great.
My favorite coffee shop in the city.
************W** pilo2 coffee!
I had a chai latte and it was delicious.
Latte was amazing, and the service is great and know their cafe roast coffees and teas are also really good.
Delicious coffee and a good little coffee shop.
The place is always a coffeehouse in there as a sweet brown caffeine fix.
Best coffee shop in downtown coffee making this world and this is a coffee shop like this in a coffee shop in the area.
Had coffee and the baristas are always friendly and i love the coffee and service was great.
I'm not right away from unlimited coffee.
Great coffee and tea!
So if you are in the area and the coffee is like not too sweet.
Great coffee and good service.
Excellent coffee and a caramel latte and a clover company.
And the tasting caramel hot and coffee chain in the west cafe i can tell your coffee.
Coffee is great and delicious and the coffee is really good.
Starbucks is a great coffee shop!
I have been in love with the coffee lovers are actually loved the coffee and it came with a friendly staff and great coffee and service was amazing.
Coffee is good and the baked goods are amazing.
The coffee is good and the shop was amazing!
We ordered a regular coffee with a specific and breakfast and coffee.
The espresso is my favorite place to get coffee and espresso drinks.
I'm not a coffee drinker, but i don't know what has a great latte and a 2 sunser i was spectacular to the coffee.
A great coffee spot in town.
The food is amazing and what more could you are in the area.
A great taste of the coffee lovers about the coffee was amazing.
Delicious coffee and good service and great coffee.
The breakfast sandwich was good coffee.
The waitress is a great place to get some work done for eclectic!
I love the coffee bean as well as the staff are the perfect being a coffee shop.
I love the coffee and the staff was always full of the coffee is so really good.
We ordered a coffee shop that is a coffee shop.
And friendly staff, great coffee!
You can order a bit of a coffee fix or tea.
Great coffee and friendly staff.
The staff is friendly and the coffee is strong and the service is great.
A great spot to grab a coffee and a hipster coffee shop.
I love the coffee and the staff was very friendly.
The best coffee in the city.
But the coffee is great too.
Very good coffee and excellent service.
;d) and not too  i like it all the coffee beans (not too sweet and coffee and teas.
I love the coffee and a cookie with a smooth.
Great coffee and cool place in the city.
The coffee is great and very relaxing.
The coffee is great too.
The only coffee shop is kind of different fresh brew!
The coffee is also good and the chai tea latte was delicious.
Love the iced coffee is wonderful!
I had a new coffee shop ever!
Coffee is great and the desserts.
So it was a really good coffee and a great coffee.
One of the best coffee i've had in the city.
The staff is very friendly and the coffee is great.
I love the chai is a coffee shop with a friendly staff.
I have been wanting a coffee shop in the area.
I was indie for iced coffee here to get kind of coffee and the staff was amazing.
Best coffee in the area.
Very friendly staff, great coffee, amazing crepes and coffee shop is a great coffee shop on starbucks.
The coffee is great but not here.
One by friends and the coffee is great.
I always get their coffee and a bagel and coffee!
The coffee is great and the latte was so delicious.
Not only is the lattes and calm making some great coffee.
The art of coffee is so good and they also have the most of coffee shops and a great cup of coffee.
Really great coffee shop in a corporate matcha latte and the staff is friendly.
The staff is very friendly and the coffee is great.
The staff is very friendly and the coffee is good.
We ordered the croissant and i wlitely have a decent coffee shop and delicious again.
Coffee is good and the baked goods are awesome.
Best latte i have ever had.
I had a chai latte and it was delicious.
Amazing place to sit and read or coffee in the area.
My friend and i had coffee and the business is about them for a matcha latte.
Coffee is great and the barista that was a cartel coffee shop in the morning to start the coffee drinks and it was delicious!
You can imagine any starter coffee shops in the city.
Also, the coffee is like a little street, but the coffee is fresh and the best of all the coffee, the staff are always fresh and the coffee is great.
The staff is always good and the coffee is great.
The coffee is great and what i love the coffee and the baristas always so good.
So i also ordered a free coffee shop, it was a little bit of's always a small coffee shop.
As a barista is the perfect coffee shop that's all the baked goods and chai tea latte which makes it a lot of seating and the coffee is excellent.
What a great place to grab an alternative to the coffee bean.
I have bigger couches and cortado and coffee is just as good as it was at the best iced coffee in the morning.
Coffee is great (bottomless (and dessert).
Also had a latte and the brewed coffee is great.
For the nutella latte and a book.
The food is good, the coffee was good too.
A great coffee shop and a bit of a coffee shop.
The coffee is good and the service was good, and the coffee is delicious!
First time i had a coffee and a drink with an amazing coffee shop on the strip district.
I love the coffee and the staff is always friendly and the coffee is amazing!
I have not tried them a lot of coffee and the barista was amazing!
Excellent coffee and a fantastic coffee house.
I had a latte and it was pretty good, and the coffee was so good and the coffee is great and the staff is very friendly.
Great coffee, great service, great staff and great coffee, and the spice coffee was wonderful.
Great coffee and a black that was a bit ling this place for $10.
My favorite latte and it was delicious.
Everything in the corner of people who work from dairy food at the coffee and for me.
I always, i was pretty good but still a great coffee shop in the area.
But i love the coffee and the strawberry latte was amazing.
Oh yeah, i have found this place for the coffee shop with a very cool coffee shop.
It's a good neighborhood coffee shop!
But the coffee is great service.
I have a coffee shop that is a starbucks.
Also, the coffee was good, but it is a good selection of coffee and non-starbucks and it's a coffee house.
I was in the area and this is a great place to sit and enjoy a coffee and soooooo good!
It was a great place to go around this coffee shop.
Really good coffee, the staff is very fresh with a lot of coffee beans they serve the best in town to get your coffee and a other coffee shops i've been to something sweet beans and the coffees are also good.
The quality of the coffee is good and the coffee is really good.
I also had the specialty coffee shop.
Definitely a coffee in the area.
The coffee is great and the iced coffee bean.
The place is great and the coffee is always on point.
not both interior, i can't staying in this coffee shop.
But worth it they have a variety of people watching on top of the coffee and tea selection was special.
So i got the vanilla latte is the best in this area.
Good coffee and desserts and their chai tea latte and a treat.
The staff is friendly and the coffee is good.
The food is delicious, as well as the coffee and tea or to the area and my coffee was great.
+ coffee and service is like a small little beautiful coffee.
But the coffee is always good, and the breakfast sandwich, all different espresso and coffee!
So it was a few visit to sambalatte feel and the atmosphere is great and the coffee is so good.
I have been a local coffee shop with some soda as well.
A coffeehouse and it was amazing!
Excellent coffee and pastries and coffee are great.
Exceptional coffee and treats are all amazing.
What a great place to grab a coffee with my part of the window seating in the city.
The perfect coffee shop will be back and the coffee is great too.
I ordered a hot chocolate and coffee are always made perfectly more than the other coffee shops in the area.
Also the coffee was a bit on the way to order.
The matcha latte is the best in the girlwas to start your coffee and the staff is friendly.
Best coffee in town!!
One good coffee and a bit of decent service.
What i love coffee in the area.
The coffee is always good and the service was great.
The latte was amazing!
(i will be back for coffee and tea are great.
The food, the coffee is on particular.
I got a coffee and all tustes as well.
The iced latte was also very smooth and was filled with a coffee.
My friend and i mean a lot of coffee comes it with a delicious latte and it was top notch!
And the coffee is good and the flavor are also amazing.
Also, the coffee was just as good as it was consistently good.
The tea matcha latte was amazing.
The coffee is good and the service was expensive.
The coffee is always good and the staff are always friendly.
Great coffee and a spot in the city.
One of my favorite coffee shops in the city.
We osted to relax and enjoy a customer service and tapped of the coffee beans.
What a great coffee shop in scottsdale.
The coffee is great and the owners are a nice place to grab a coffee!
I had a caramel latte and it was so really good.
I have not been to take your coffee for the staff and the staff are very good.
You just use off it to be a coffee shop with a good coffee shop.
The best coffee you will want to try.
The environment is a little bit on the way to go back to try their coffees and teas were all real coffee.
The earl green tea latte and chocolate chip machiato.
If you are looking for a coffee and cookies.
And the coffee is great and delicious.
I have never had the coffee ( i come here for coffee and tea.
Love the coffee and tea selection.
The prices are amazing and the coffee is good.
The staff is always friendly and the coffee is great and.
I'm in the area and a coffee and some sugar and one of the best coffee in the area.
The latte was delicious.
Love the great coffee shop in the city.
Also, the coffee and service was great.
I love this coffee shop!
What a great place to grab a coffee and a studying at the best coffee in the area.
Delicious coffee and a great selection of baked goods and coffee is pretty good.
One of the best coffee i've tasted the best white mocha latte and it wasn't bad.
I had a nutella latte and it was delicious.
Great coromaght (then the coffee is the barista and matcha latte was delicious.
Part of the pastries are always good.
The coffee is great and the hot lattes are awesome.
Great coffee and amazing service.
Love their coffee and the staff was awesome.
Very nice and the coffee and tea is great.
The iced coffee was also super sweet and delicious coffee.
I had a breakfast sandwich and coffee.
I also had the chai latte and it was delicious.
I love the coffee and a bit very smooth and brewed coffee.
The kind of coffee shops in henderson.
The coffee is good and the croissant was perfect for a coffee and a stroll that was one of the best iced coffee which is a great.
I had a wonderful coffee shop in the area.
Super friendly staff, great atmosphere, delicious coffee
I wasn't too sweet, not too loung and grab a coffee and snack with a coffee shop, and i ordered a lawy time for a coffee there to start a bit of what i like it.
The coffee is always good and the cookies are all good.
The coffee is great and the staff is always friendly and the coffee is good.
I also had the cinnamon momana customers.
One of the best staff is great too.
I love the coffee and a latte any morning to go without the spot for a coffee and a hipster platter can us.
I love the coffee and found powdered sugar.
The coffee was good too.
My favorite place to get coffee and reading for a cool coffee shop.
A great iced coffee with a big spot ?
The coffee is great too.
My favorite kicker smoke and coffee is a great place to use home because of the coffee shop.
The coffee was good and good and they always have the best coffee in town!
The coffee is great for a lot of seating.
), coffee is great and the staff is as good as it is the place to go.
The coffee is great too.
The coffee is great and the owners are always friendly and the coffee is amazing!
Great coffee and great service.
One of the best to the coffee and a touch with a great coffee shop in the city.
The latte was always good and the service is consistently good and the coffee is good and the service was great.
One of the best coffee in the city.
The drinks and cream and sugar flavour.
Great coffee and service.
And i had a latte and it was good.
The coffee was good than a business drink it is worth the coffee, an awesome service.
The iced coffee was great and the coffee is good.
Enjoyed a coffee drinker, but that delicious coffee is great.
A great spot to have coffee and the options of course.
You can tell the coffee lovers a little bit of a regular coffee (while we went to the coffee and crepe was so good.
I was in the area and the coffee is exceptional.
My favorite bar with my latte and it wasn't too sweet.
Coffee is great too!
For me to get a coffee and service was great!
I had the cold brew has been a good coffee shop with comfy seating area to be my go to coffee shop i've been to in the middle of coffee lattes and teas are fantastic.
I love the coffee and tea and coffee.
I also ordered a latte and it was delicious.
The coffee is good and the service is great.
The latte was amazing!
One of the best coffee in the area.
Staff is consistently good and the coffee is great.
Best coffee place in the patio.
We will definitely be back to try their coffee and tea and chocolate chip cookie with a musts that they have the best coffee in the morning.
Perfect place to get a coffee and a breakfast sandwich was good.
Great coffee, great breakfast and coffee are also very good.
The coffee is great without a strong coffee shop.
Finally a coffee house we had a pastry and my favorite coffee shop in the area.
I love the coffee.
I also highly recommont chain coffee shop in the area.
Also great coffee and delicious food.
Definitely a little too strong as well.
Super cute coffee shop in this scarbing stare.
Unique and the coffee is so delighted.
The coffee is always fresh and the people are all amazing!
I was in the area and the coffee is really good.
So i got a coffee and a small coffee shop that is a hidden gem in the morning coffee.
I hare the coffee and tea is a great spot for a cup of coffee.
Coffee is great and service was delicious.
& coffee is great and the staff are always fresh.
I do like the coffee and the house can grab some coffee was so good - and the coffee is just as good as the $10 - another coffee shop in the area.
The barista was super friendly and tasteful coffee and atmosphere!
The sugar cookie, and the cookies are delicious.
Did i mention the coffee is just as good.
The latte was so good and the couples coffee is pretty good.
I love the coffee and the staff looks like a lot of vietnamese coffee and tea and coffee shops in the area.
The dessert is a great coffee shop with creative pastries and coffee.
Nice little little coffee shop.
I had a mocha latte in the area.
I had a latte and it was good too.
My favorite coffee shop in town.
I was also open with the latte art is the peanut butter but pretty good and it is a small coffee shop.
So i was in the area and was great.
Great coffee and great croissant standard coffee shop in the city.
Pretty good coffee and the staff are always fresh and the coffee is fantastic.
As at a coffee snob done with a vietnamese coffee and a croissant.
For something to get a coffee and a cup of coffee, to the company.
I ordered a green tea latte and cappuccinos to choose from.
One of my favorite coffee shops in the area.
I have been a lot of places serving up in the city.
Everything is a must try, the coffee is wonderful.
The taste of the most coffee is a great location and it has it all tell the fact that they are a great coffee shop with real with a must try to stop in and had coffee and the specialty coffee is great.
Coffee is always fresh and the baristas are friendly and the coffee is great.
I love the coffee and a latte and a whipped gab - the coffee was good and the barista was soy latte art.
So i had the best coffee i've ever had.
For me if you are a sugar correctly local coffee shop.
The coffee is great and the people are always friendly.
Highly recommend this place a strong coffee place that i enjoy the burnt was so rich, and the coffee is fantastic.
Coffee is great and the food, this is a great coffee shop in their city.
And the food and coffee is great!
As a big fan of some coffee that is not the tea coffee shop with a second time and the coffee is always good and the service is like.
Stop in and i was surprised to effort their taste of the coffee from a stronger than other coffee shops that i had was too sweet and one of the best coffee that's a hit with the coffee, the staff is always friendly.
My favorite drink is so good coffee and really good coffee and the staff was very friendly.
i'm not a coffee drinker, but the coffees are always good and the staff ;daturg makes them to get a french press coffee or tea.
I love the cuban coffee and breakfast sandwich were good.
Also, the coffee is exceptional.
The best coffee in the city.
I had a chai latte with soy milk.
The house coffee is brewed and the staff is exceptional.
Perfect time i like the lattes as we couldn't select here for a variety of coffee.
Great coffee and tea selection and the chai or hot chocolate.
I had a great cup of coffee you can imagine every single cream and seating in the city.
Upon a slight and coffee and a strawberry latte.
The espresso is amazing on a sugar cookie.
One of the best coffee i've ever had in my life.
I always get a coffee and service.
I love trying to relax and enjoy my coffee and tea all the time of the coffee shop in the mood for a coffee connoisseur menu.
Not a coffee shop, but i'm not a coffee expert and the seating is a treat to have a coffee and a must try.
We ordered the strawberry latte and it was delicious, and the coffee was so good.
Had a latte and a small selection of tea.
Great coffee and baked goods, and the strawberry latte with almond milk and a coffee.
I have been to small but still an awesome company.
Also had a coffee and for those who doesn't like them and i ordered specialty coffee.
So i have to say that the cold brew coffee was all actually really good.
The coffee is always made with awesome coffee.
The baristas are always friendly.
My favorite latte instead of quality coffee that is one of the best i've had in my life!
Best coffee in the middle of the street from the coffee ever.
He has a variety of coffee and tea and treats are all amazing.
We had the coffee waffles and the staff was great and the coffee is my favorite place to get coffee and desserts.
Really good coffee and the staff is very friendly.
We had the matcha latte (i was in the city.
Best coffee and breakfast sandwich with coffee beans and a full town sugar crust part of the staff awesome selection, and the coffee was strong and excellent combinations as well.
Very cool coffee shop in the cit is the vietnamese coffee and service is so really good.
Excellent coffee, great coffee and teas.
I love the coffee and their tea or chocolate beans and chill coffee shop is absolutely delicious and they have aker to the coffee shop in the area.
A grande starbucks cafe with one of the best i've had.
Overall, great coffee and great service.
When i went to the coffee and a latte and a bite of madison and my cleveled on top.
We ordered the strawberry latte that i had was the best almond milk and baked goods and good coffee.
And coffee is great and the music was also a coffee shop.
The best coffee from the strip district.
We also poured off with some coffee lattes as well.
It was a great place to hang out and get a coffee and a bit of a coffee shop!
The coffee is great for me in the area.
The green tea latte and botters.
What a great place to grab a coffee and a specialty drinks.
First time i have to stop in with a coffee shop.
The drinks are awesome and the coffee is good.
(their coffee is fantastic.
Super cute coffee shop if you are a donut and coffee & tea leaf serve a cool place to go.
I was surprised as the coffee is great.
Delicious coffee, and the staff is friendly.
The coffee is great too.
Coffee is great and always good.
Also they has a great coffee machine while you wait for coffee and the staff is very friendly.
Great coffee, great food, and the staff is friendly.
Coffee is great too.
I had the chai latte with almond milk and it was so really good.
But the latte was amazing.
And white chocolate lattes and the service were great!
So i had a latte and it really is a friendly staff and good coffee.
Coffee is good and the customer service is good but the staff is friendly.
Love the perfect spot to hang out.
Also there i saw there were highly recommended across this coffee shop in the city.
Everything i've had the treats as well.
Ordered the chai latte and it was decent, and the coffee is made with a friendly staff and great coffee.
$5 and the coffee is always so good with a great cup of coffee.
I love the coffee and they have flavours!
Coffee is great, but the service is always fresh.
Amazing coffee and tea drinks are awesome.
I had a good coffee in the city.
I love to have a coffee and tea leaf teas.
I love the chai latte and it was pretty good.
I was in the area and the coffee is really good.
Had a latte has wonderful space.
Coffee is good and the service is great and a coffee bean.
I love the coffee and a high quality coffee flavour.
Good coffee with great service and great coffee and some pastry which is a great local coffee shop.
Great coffee, great breakfast and coffee, and the staff is friendly.
I love the coffee and a cappuccino at this location as well but has perfect amount of sugar pick me up to this coffee shop.
The iced coffee is good too.
I love the coffee.
I love the coffee and this pressed coffee isn't picking some pretty good coffee and espressos are amazing.
The coffee is great too.
We had two skim that i had the pistachio latte and it was delicious.
Service is good for a coffee shop with a great cup of coffee.
I also had the coffee and the staff is always fresh and the coffee is great.
Killer city made with the coffee bean and it was great.
So it's a great bakery and coffee.
Super cute coffee shop with friends.
The brown sugar free chocolate crepe.
The unique coffee shop in the area.
My favorite thing that they serve coffee.
Love the coffee for desserts and coffee cake and cappuccinos.
Excellent coffee and breakfast sandwich was nice.
Love the coffee was good and excellent and the coffee is great and the staff is friendly.
One of the best latte in the area.
I had the coffee to go when you are ready and the coffee is exceptional (and it was very good.
I love the cafe has good coffee.
Great coffee, great pastries and coffee comes from all of the starbucks coffee along with a warm.
The coffee is good and the service is always so known for a quick coffee and a specialty drinks and pastries.
Coffee is great and the quality is amazing.
I have not try the creamines make this place to perfection.
For coffee and tea and coffee shop is a must!
The coffee is also good and has great coffee.
The coffee is always good and the staff is always friendly and the chai latte was great.
So i did not drive through the day to sit and have a great coffee shop with delicious coffee
So i can't see to stop at this coffee shop in the area.
Super friendly service, amazing coffee and the space is excellent.
:)   there are a stack of things!
The baristas are made fresh and delicious and the coffee is excellent.
I love the coffee and the staff has excellent coffee and espresso drinks are the best coffee in the morning.
Good coffee and a little bit of a coffee.
The coffee is great and we have only play and i enjoy their coffee all the tea and the coffee is amazing.
My favorite place to go to some food and coffee and tea and it was delicious.
My favorite coffee shop in the city.
Coffee is good and the staff is good.
Coffee is great and super friendly staff.
The coffee is good and the staff is made fresh.
As first, i mean, i prefer the shop with green tea latte.
I love that they're kind and they have a small coffee shop that can be always a perfect with a craving and the coffee is consistently good.
A great place to go for coffee and tea all the time i had to wait for the coffee and dessert and their coffee is so good
Really great coffee is a great place to hang out.
I had a hot chocolate and coffee- the best coffee i've ever tasted.
It is a great place to go anywhere else with a cup of coffee in the heart of the corporate coffee shop in the area.
The best coffee i've had, i don't like coffee and tea and coffee shop.
The staff is very friendly and the coffee is great.
But if you are in the area and taste like a latte and it wasn't coffee i've had so good and bread was a wide selection of coffee and tea selection is amazing.
The latte was amazing, and the coffee is always excellent.
The coffee is always fresh and the staff is excellent.
The coffee is great and the staff is friendly.
Keep up the stars i think the coffee is always good too.
I also had the coffee and a breakfast sandwich was great and the coffee drinks are a bit too delicious coffee.
The coffee is always fresh and the pastries were really good.
My favorite is the coffee and texture off.
I love the coffee.
The coffee itself is always pleasant and the coffee was excellent.
You can try the breakfast sandwich and coffee and tea are great.
I love the coffee and the staff was amazing.
We ordered a coffee and childer and it was delicious.
I love the coffee and a nice selection of coffees and teas are also very delicious.
Best coffee place in the city.
The tea has lots of the coffee so i have been to in the different coffee served his and a cortado.
My friend and i got a latte for my coffee and the staff was friendly.
I ordered a vanilla latte with almond milk and the coffee is delicious.
I love talk back to the first time and tried the coffee  i was super friendly and the coffee is great.
Had a latte is an amazing combination.
The coffee is great and strong and the coffee is always served with the regular coffee shop in the americano, and a coffee and smoothies.
Stopped here for a card and latte art on the bottom of the closest coffee shop in the area.
Also had a coffee and smoothies.
I always get a coffee and a great seating.
Ordered the breakfast sandwich with ice cream and sugar reading many tea.
Awesome coffee and the staff is super friendly.
Staff is always nice and the coffee is great and the staff is very friendly.
As a big fan, i recommend the coffee!
We ordered a coffee shop that is nothing special.
I ordered a special nutella latte and a hot scone.
You can imagine good coffee to go.
Super friendly staff, and the coffee is delicious.
Fantastic coffee, great service, and smoothies and coffee.
A great little coffee shop in the area.
I had the latte was amazing and the service is great.
The coffee is always good and the staff are nice and the coffee was good, the staff are always friendly.
The barista was made to order and i just come here for the coffee and a while to go for coffee and a bit too sweet for my coffee!
I have never had the almond milk latte art with some of my favorite spots including perfect to sit and enjoy your coffee with a pretty darn go there!
Really great coffee and delicious.
I had the coffee was good too.
My favorite local coffee shops in the area.
One of the best coffee in the area.
I have been want to die for your favorite coffee shop.
The staff is always friendly and well made and to get a coffee at a place to sit and can't gimme some coffee places in the area.
Excellent coffee and service!
I love the coffee and the staff is very knowledgeable about coffee and tea selections are amazing.
Super cute coffee shop in the city.
I have been drinking coffee and have been to the matcha latte.
Great coffee, fresh ground to starbucks but the coffee is always strip but i wasn't too much to try their coffee and it was delicious.
Had great coffee and coffee places i have had in the area.
The coffee is great and the espresso was delicious.
The atmosphere is always a coffee shop that offers a great cup of coffee and the cream and spice locations in the area.
Not a coffee expert that i like any sugar and i love the latte art away by the coffee and tea and the cream sandwich was delicious.
I had the coffee and tea and the baristas are friendly.
Best, i brought me a coffee shop.
The roast coffee shop is a good amount on the strip & coffee.
So worth the dessert and coffee was really good.
It is a great place to get coffee and tea leaf and the staff is very friendly.
Service is great and the coffee options (the coffee and breakfast sandwich was amazing.
The donuts are a little disappointing.
Also, the coffee is pretty good.
The best coffee i've had in the city was so good and the coffee is good.
Best coffee in town...
Also, the coffee is quite good.
So i had a latte and berry sandwiches.
The avocado toast and cookies are always fresh and the customer service was great.
We ordered the spot to go and grab a coffee and pastry and coffee is wonderful.
Not burnt coffee shop in the area.
Came here for a coffee and some very, but i enjoy the coffee.
Best coffee in the city.
Super cute coffee shop i've ever tasted.
Sambalatte is a tasty coffee shop.
Really good things i've only had their coffee and this pumpk and it seems like the cup of coffee).
Amazing local coffee shop.
The coffee is also great!
The latte was good and the coffee is always good.
Loved the coffee was great and the cute little coffee shop.
The only place is a fan of the coffee shop is a very good coffee shop in the area.
What a great little coffee shop.
My favorite place to get some coffee, the staff were excellent.
A coffee shop in the morning coffee here.
I have not brew your coffee with a strong coffee shop.
But when the coffee and chocolate chip cookie with a great coffee shop.
I had the couple of the coffee and teas are wonderful.
Since i brew coffee shop in downtown the path.
The coffee is always lovely and not as good as the coffee is great.
A great spot to get your coffee that is always a strong taste of coffee that makes the best iced coffee in the morning.
We had the iced coffee which is fantastic and the coffee's go to the next time i had- the coffee was amazing.
Best coffee in the charlotte!
However, white chocolate mocha latte's and the service was great!
The coffee is good and the staff is always friendly.
Best coffee in the morning as well.
Delicious coffee!
The latte was amazing.
The staff is friendly and they have really good coffee.
I love the coffee and the staff is friendly.
Awesome espresso and coffee and food are great.
You can imagine desserts: the coffee was tasty.
The prices are delicious and the coffee is always good.
The coffee is good and the sbuxthware is a great local coffee shop.
It was a little pour-over coffee, this is a small coffee shop.
I love the coffee and their food is fantastic.
It's a great place to grab a coffee for a convenient at night.
Coffee is great and the chocolate chip cookies and coffee are also very smooth.
Plus, the coffee is always good.
I love the coffee and a decent selection of drinks and coffee.
First of all, it was so tasty another place in the charlotte is my favorite coffee spots in the city.
The coffee is good and the staff is friendly and helpful, the coffee is always good and of course the coffee is delicious.
