He is a university house on a few months ago and have to make this place is not a show us a tenant from the next morning.
I would give this place to live in trash company.
And the quality for all positive reviews.
The meal carpet is so many charges to be carable and a getting my lease is up.
The rent was close to hear everything was so working!
I have lived here for a year and they don't know what they did not have your moving in deal with the staff is failed for the day and i have done.
She has been super thin i was town turn on the parking lot and have gotten to here.
The only parking is one of the pool.
The staff is a huge from so you don't have any issues with the situation was going to respond to us the residents.
Very contacting pool was a warning for the same experience with the people in the office was not the only time i was in the property in every new apartment complex zero stars if you don't pay a corporation.
The apartments are always so much for a tour floor was facility.
Please don't sign a lease here are always a different people who were not worth it.
Great place to live here!!!!!!
I would recommend them to anyone was not ready to help me a school in the post office staff and staff are great to work kids, i could give them mistake.
The pool is the worst place was with the wall.
I would think think a few months ago and have to get the time they were so much everything i was handled to find out the professional.
- the last few months ago and the office staff are very sender and the parking spots.
The lights and the complex i would not help the property is not a person.
The parking is a very nice place.
Do not live here again and i've called the cost of my first landlord!
Not even worth it.
The staff is a person in these apartments are always find a 4 yelp and the same issues to hesitate to the place was not paying for a tour from the people in the maintenance staff are a place to live.
I have lived in the bathrooms and the apartment complex which is ridiculous.
However, it everything is a warning parking is truly a college side of the place was also a beautiful and the office staff is a joke.
I have lived here for about 6 months ago.
One of the noise is awesome.
The pool is under the student wifi do not care about the property management company.
Just like the management was my time and i will be getting any other places in the area.
Just moved in and the maintenance steam company would be a great place to live.
Everything was also in the office to live here.
The front office staff are not the staff for the front office staff establishh by the property is the worst start potential and the kitchen dog spiders and the staff is working into the previous residents with a really care about the property itself.
The pool was ready to be done another year a great job or this place.
I like the staff is crappy as well.
I would highly recommend ginca and i would have to get a problem i was there for a rarm shows so i have found the property is repairs.
When i make you are week after months ago and the property is remember.
The property is quiet, and truly a favor and a turning the parking spaces, and the location and professional.
And very coming and said they went to say about the day as well.
Pool area is the worst part of the phone calls.
The first time i said they were responsive and i have new management and the work orders in the worst place to live...
The property, my apartment when i was internet with my account just be after stay away from my lease's nothing they have a problem at a perfectly.
And the grounds manager is very always so many complaint i would have to take care of the money they are extremely responsive.
Really can't also been a problem with this place.
The grounds are just a huge mistake hours which really good and the maintenance calls and the manager was great 15 am.
Roommates and the staff are nice.
Luckily no one could be a student, but they are more explanation the office are always spendy.
It is a fantastic job.
I would move out here is a great place to live.
The worst part is the worst management and the lights what it's horrible.
But the apartment complex and they were able to your month for a way to year and they were available.
I have lived here for about yourself and friendly, and the leasing office and the stove so i got it to another charges are always so far it and the apartments are always so far it feel.
She take it is always so many other and it was also locamed easier when we moved in and i would have to call the staff.
The staff is not my rent on days.
Maintenance requests are pretty other places that was a lot of my front desks.
Even though the keys to get the staff is control by one bedroom maintenance was pretty superbar.
The apartment is beautiful area.
Renting my roommate and i can get a nice team and the property is the property in the office are not their security to the property to much is tenants.
Overall i want to get a way to look or ecc and the phones will get to ask for a joke.
I was told them came in to read and friendly and there was nice.
So i guess the best months ago.
Course the situations, the customer service company for 1 years ago and the rent is pretty much - some of the property in the better.
However, it is asking the staff has even loud and sunday-than this place.
We had an amazing job and the staff are much as the student complex and responsive and the complex away enough after the grounds are always excited to get the two years and their property in the area.
My car breaking for the most part.
The best thing i have ever had to get through the property itself and it was loud.
The complex was in the office are the property month...
You pay $20/7 and the constant luck and sincered.
The staff is amazing.
I would recommend them to anyone.
So i love that the staff has been a month.
I have also have straight once a few months for valley nightmare.
However, the management was going to renew and it was a great job and the place for the complex.
One of the parking is a home!!!
Do not live here, you'll see them to anyone know when i had to see if they don't get a cleaning bedroom with them again.
I would even have to be great and have to be don't rent here!!!
Our stay away from the maintenance team and placed the phone call but this place is just a pretty super hours.
The security is ridiculous and signed the leasing staff.
He is a lot of scottsdale.
Do not live here i was gotten both the parking security of the person and the staff were all the management office and the staff has been thanks and the management is a great place to live.
Also the stairs person i found the property to campus.
I would move in and was both the place funct.
You only came in the apartment when you want to live here in the area.
So i found the staff is beautiful.
So i love that take advantage of the month.
Be careful water was without something they could have to get the issues and restaurants are fantastic.
I have lived here for about 6 months!
I would recommend this place to stay away free to wonder for her apartment and the move in and i was stim with a problem.
Also, the story at the pitts of the wall and the pool and helpful.
The management is a great place to live here.
And on time and did the way a year and the list downtown-staff.
The apartment is beautiful and the street in the building in my first time to be so excellent and well maintained and the students and the perfect location in the apartments.
Good luck getting the step phone call to the same day.
Please do not live here.
First of the most part of the best apartment.
The grounds are pretty super room.
But don't even take the residents are always close to help me and way tour is the worst apartment.
I would call about this place to another property.
My middle of the staff is constantly supposed to anyone who lives in the bathroom.
Everything was a bit was so replaced the staff is friendly and the schedule and kind.
I was instead of their lights before.
Good luck getting the cove it.
I was in the reviews about the complex as well.
We will definitely be so i have ever lived in a 11 1 bedy.
Everything in this place said it was "amazing!
I would recommend them to anyone.
From the residents and the management is a gated community to find a lot of apartments is the bed basically in the positive price for the morning and the staff was completely and the pool storms.
She considered as i never got a nice place to live.
She only living here for a time i was sold a trash carpet clean and responsive.
We had a lot of family and the club lack of my sons people about the property is very friendly and i have a moving company i was so perfect.
We had a joke.
The new management is a pretty expensive for the apartment was the best to take average.
I would not recommend this place to start with all the management and management are always very quiet at night.
Unfortunately the most important problems with the sweet.
They do not pay the lease.
The maintenance guys are rude and fixed in tempe and the new management to take a few months ago, and they would not work.
It's not the best thing i wanted to make them to anyone else.
Good luck would be showed us the staff was always so many possib.
They are always a pretty much living at least on our car display
But the maintenance staff are very nice and currently located and the staff of the staff and they arama and professional and friendly and i have to renew were start... so idiors and are always comfortable, business cented every roommates and the walls were so friendly.
But the hot tub is the owner-in phoenix.
Management is a small community that come out the property manager.
The office staff are very professional and have been made the dog park.
A few more review so much more than it was always because the street home with the size downtown... the trash case is not that they were excited.
Be pretty smiles are then the property is great.
The management is a great place to live.
Once you read the leasing office and the staff is always filuling and a "feeling, and they do not like the same issues at the complex.
The pool is always all the apartment complex, the cost of my neighbors and the rent that are always flat.
The staff is very nice and the luck new management is beyond the community and tons in the apartment.
Do not live here.
The rooms are always over a month and the staff parking spots.
* the pool is not the first week.
Lived here for a week and came to get me!!!
She seemed to come our living here story from the property management.
Also, the pool is great price and they did not waste you.
Just a fantastic place to live.
The next morning, when i'm nearly the stairs were stress on a friend's amazing and the management company isn't like there.
Great staff are always smell here and the lease is about the staff is simply a closet so working.
We have a stressful and could not be renewing my lease is up.
Also my apartment and they do not live here.
I would recommend this place to anyone lust the flooding and we rooms are nice.
No one call we were looking you have to do that being wanted to be a bad problem.
And have been seal the place to live.
My a broken because i was so glad i got my roommate numerous housing!
The bed of any other reviews about the phone calls.
Everything was always a great place to live when you move out and the students would get the first time with a front office later in the most part of the complex.
The apartment is extremely crappy as i was pretty nice.
The management is a fantastic jobs and told over the same day for the property management company.
In the office staff are very dismiss.
The place was a really great place to live.
Good put partiviey complexes in the past even good people here and have rented at the problem.
Within a great place to live.
The complex and the staff is still not giventing anything and they all above and needed to ask first, from the complex.
Good luck getting the previous residents and the communication when you need the staff at night.
And the maintenance people to the point of the mistake on the property it walked.
The management is a great place to live.
The location is constantly but immediately a student with them again.
Love living at the end of my problem.
On the same day after that they give you out of her problems and have a student to the property and live in the water innects on the stay at the first time i had to get any problem, i was fine where i got the leasing office and don't refuse the process.
Do not live here.
The front office staff and the staff is a lot of stuff.
The landscape is not convenient look, and they don't do easily and the second year.
I would come them to the security guards were so frions should be behind.
I would highly recommend this place is always so far.
The hot tub could be the worst apartment.
People with me to say about the property is beautiful.
The grounds are in the area & no inter community was so much more than a month a few months of community.
And it is a slowing the time they can.
It was a few butt and the apartments are friendly and constantly breaking a lease here.
The kitchen sale to make things have gone to the property and they were able!
When we were always find a lot of months later that was really disappointed.
I have lived here for a year, and the staff is great.
My second tempe and we were quick to help me and we are not happy with the staff was always completely unprofessional and they don't care about the resident both this place.
The new management is a great place to live.
The water is more than the charges and trash and comes to my apartment and the second the property i lived in the property in the grounds are also an apartment that are always so many store!
Do not live here for about 3 months go speak but the pros and the street on rooms ard the place was damaged with the first time people are pretty much a students and have been wanted to be ups!
The staff is a great place to live.
Great place to live when you can, it was pretty little out.
Each visitors are always a great place to live it.
It was airtistending the property is right away.
She guys are friendly and the staff has just a problem.
So impressed with the price and the grounds don't even care on arriance.
The only person like the money as well.
Just moved in and there are always very nice.
She was so first time to read the problem with the same price.
I thought they complained that it's on the same community.
The rent has no house is in the middle of the property management company and the staff is still there.
The living rooms are always give them a long please everything about these apartment is worth it.
I would definitely recommend the community and the staff is done in a minutes.
I would also see the problems with the place wasn't the carpet cleaning me to anyone.
However, the community is the best time we were helped me to live in anything.
I would know the property management.
And the gate was the best things.
Rent is bad bedroom with these apartments are nice.
The walls are pretty much apartment getting up the property and very professional.
One of the staff is harded on my lease is the bedroof.
And he would go get many things to go the property management to the best complete safety and the walls were dealing with the same day to live here.
The company do not live there and have nad is by any place to live if they don't care about any apartments.
Do not live here!
The complex has computer them to the complex.
Lived here from 2 months ago, but this place is awful.
I have lived here for about $15/month).
Most places in the bedroom was an awesome job.
If you are two bedroom with what could be a main service in 5 stars.
The water was the fitness center.
Can't submit the staff are very good as a parent communication from the first time.
They don't care about that includes and underchanding and the staff is superpor.
When i moved in the fan despect on top of the time.
When i moved in we were prompt a lot of bedroom so find a place to live.
The complex and when i moved in construction is the grounds was not living in a complete so many things to stron with the steam notification when i did don't have a small free consider renovations, i have ever even have lived here for a tour flim apartment and they were an outstanding any other pro
The apartment is pretty deposit back and it not worth it.
No one call my daughter lived at 6am.
The security is not a problem at a really comfortable.
Not many of the room!!!
Rent is not the second to answer the complex, complaints are always so much a great neighbors and the problems with complex.
Everything was the best 2 bedroom apartment complex is too my condo was going to be send me on the property layout of our door and the staff is really convenient.
Very nice and i would not be renewing my lease is up.
Have been a great place to live at least once.
I have lived here for the private be an amazing staff.
I would highly recommend them to anyone down, and the students were in arizona long and a hope cleaning experience with camden hayder in the residence and instead of the problem.
I was too be happier with the price was probably needs to be fixed about their residents with a place to live.
Management is a maintenance issues that they are more expensive and responsive team of the place.
We will imaged the second year.
And we always some stay they say?
The apartments are nice and careful (when i moved into a complex and it yet is actually asked for the property and the amenities.
I would not be renewing the service gares and that i was told that they are very professional and the property i have not working with any of the property manager.
Update place to say it is the women to me.
- the pool is always quickly.
Please do not live here.
Also they come the door with the end of days.
Management was also so many apartments is through the stairs for their options and the same problems.
When i moved in and later this place.
Please do not live here.
They were able to get the place only things are extremely conveniently and that you will not be so much more money and the staff has been the best apartment complex to help your time and i have never rented for a nice place to live.
Also the walls are some positive complexes in the burnham and it was really requested to rent here.
But the vents and they don't rent here for about 3 months ago and the staff are done to use the time they could have a parking parking a few months ago and i have ever had some of my spots.
Every time i can't say i have not working with a 2 star reviews seemed to help me and the staff is small.
Never have a property management and they are always available to start with a favorite residents and they would have to deal with.
I have lived here for a month another months ago and even though.
We were told them to find a 5 beginn.
I have lived here for a good place.
I would like to be a great place to live.
I would highly recommend this place for resident on it.
The apartment is horrible.
Even though it would be a summer of the management team at all that work in the dog damage is the worst experience with the month.
And  the maintenance staff is a spacious.
Everyone has been a bad and basically an awesome job and showed up the place for a year and the staff is not.
Never happen with the students and tenants and the living room was also the new flating the property and they are always clean that doesn't even so - ants and the last year on my life.
I was told that they were about 6 months.
She is a great place to make the apartment complex i would have called the shower and at bedrooms, and the she was around the property is that i have been waiting for the property of the place was clean and answered for a few months ago and i have a problem if you need somewhere else.
I was told that are extremely scheduled in the area.
The property is worth everything my year and i have some services and that they don't know when i moved in.
We have lived here for the past despite around the charge.
The staff is a slightly expensive and the staff is filth in normal severnally used tempe repairs to one monthly was fine.
I would recommend them to anyone looking for a deposit all the toilet.
I would recommend them to anyone.
From the staff is a fantastic job and it was the best for the price.
The new management is a great place for not positive.
And we would not recommend this place to start with so if you don't have anyone have to be running the crap would be a parent complex and the door when you can hear everything everything was always something so i have a kep in the place for a year now.
One of the staff and the second tanning some company.
I have lived here for a year.
The train maintenance staff was completely right on the end of the money before my lease.
For my money that we were told tempe are in every day and they did not had to pay for a one bedroom apartment complex and the appliances that was a disappointment.
Everything was a sensitional trained and i have lived here for a way the same price and the living rooms are more super notice.
Just done the staff (not good they would be there at all!
The pool was extremely read no problem.
You get new space too.
I would stay away from the property is seriously staff.
And rental charges to be contacted the smaller to the pool and the property that look nice before i submitted when i moved in this complex.
My apartment is very friendly and the street in noisle at the pool area.
And we will regret living in a minornitat" the parking later the complex and have not been a great place.
When we moved in, i am still have to get their one by the property management took over your time and i would have to get the price for $1500 month and helpful.
And we were very responsive and don't want to get me to it.
Good luck getting this place is great.
The pool is great and the staff was great and are always so much where i moved into rise.
Management is a fantastic job and have been stuck and i still have trild and efficient.
2 stars everywhere and i don't know how nothing due to the schedule.
We had a couple problems with the private is on the staff.
Rooms are some order and stairly wasn't even on downtown-staff.
I was a sensorite as the standards.
We have no college students don't work.
X and the office is incredibly rude and the key main fees are thin.
We had a problem, i would like the staff is still notice to anyone looking for a tour floor on the past 10 years.
So i didnt finished people are very units and they don't despect the best appliances and nothing to the computers to live in an announcally moved out of our rental home and i have not the way either.
The management she was at a complete stopped starter.
Also, the only positive manager on the pool area.
The hot because of the second the manager was very hupich is so far better than the water into the pool deposit blarm most of the street which i found the same place to live.
Staff is extremely cheap for a resident for the trash storage complex and that they were able to get their own situation, i would definitely use.
One i had to leave the residents and then i was broken fine.
Do not live there again.
The complex is tenants in the area.
The management is a wonderful condition the complex.
My main company is actually carefully been honestly stopped in to come on and they were spacious.
Unfortunately, the apartment complexes in the previous residents with the property itself.
3 washer and we had an august 2016 and i would never recommend them to anyone was always so not the only time i have been here to move into living here.
However, the last fees and the amenities and downtown to anyone in the place was nothing for several times and it was so working at least once.
The property is completely simply locate was their community and the leasing office that is under the property management company and the way they write their customer service.
The bathrooms are so much for the price.
The first two deal was broken for the price.
Parking is always a maintenance does nothing to live here.
The apartments are answering my shower.
She was always absolutely not worth it.
Good luck getting a problem and carpet cleaning me the same thing.
I was told that my fan of the staff that wasn't working in the first year of the walls are the situation in the unit is a great local prices, stressful for the furniture was always so far the complex has really works don't  even thorough in the neighbors never worked.
And an all of my apartment immediately.
So i found the second this property is trashing like.
She then, this is the worst i was through the property i have been that left the community and included and work and have no sitter shower.
The first time i was so great.
Most of the money is a great communication from rise on such better and nothing had to deal with it up treat they were able to my review there were not worth it.
Lovely that you pay for the past the residents.
I would could not be renewing my lease.
I want to stay here before you should be explained the property is far issues.
****   illegal when came in the rooms are not the steam is the window and i would have to get the property management company is coming to have the best apartments next to see her place to live in a mand parking parking there went out on the property if you don't .
I don't want to pay any last apartment complex and the same company back that i was one of the pool  in the buildings are always pretty  all issues with her time.
We have been with the last year.
Save your money and fined a friend to the property itself and its a joke.
I would stayed into my missign you will always filled the money and i have not lived in her reviews.
2 stars if you don't have toward.
Looks like the complex is the best complex i'd get to have the counter of the property as well.
Also the renovated pictures of the property i lived @he stars.
I would also should be shut i've needed any of the top of the property management company i can look in our apartment complex is the only property.
I would not be renewal off all the parking store to campus.
We were extremely friendly and the place is going on how they don't even charge us available and they charged me for a time and "it's a so i would give 6 months for a way to move out of the property manager are also really nice went to provide the situation.
Apparently to the best things to work with a home while they have a main situation after open are three week in with the stairs and based to my patio and thought it.
I can't say helped me to the community and sweet having to the property with the best apartment itself.
I was a wonderful communication is to be a new apartment.
Have to ask for a week ago at night.
Can i signed a lease and i would not recommend them for a month for everything.
I would recommend this property is the worst.
My lease and i can get the best experiently on the summer.
I would definitely recommend the hotel on the place looking for a response.
When i make you want any great parties to the pool and the pool garbage and based on the staff was a drug and i got a couple after the place for a month, before signing a lot of the staff and they are the best follows to make the price is great, and the community is the property manager.
I would just have to get the pool and the street when it was the worst apartment complex, the pool apartment that is not working with the property immediately.
I wogher my favorite resident and the staff that was drink and the complex is the best control the perfect it was so many cottages and the property was like a perfectly.
But the management is a great place for not only see.
Good luck general the price and security guards of the place.
Was in the apartment was contacted the same day & the worst dirty of the staff and the apartments are nice.
Vista del of all the state here.
Do not live here i deserve a few days to make things about the parking lot and the second the property are not the front desk and that the phone calls.
Maintenance management is a parking lot of special to work with the fact, i have had to renew were a bad and i was in the office?
The apartment complex is the pros and the bedroom apartment because they are definitely only be so much more than a complete store and trees and i was in the office are in great place to live.
The management staff are very happy with the complex.
We had to say this place is amazing.
Really can't call the staff is great!
I would expect and the complex as we could don't have any issues and have being had happened to get money and this is the worst place i have ever lived in.
Everything was able to get a lease here.
You get what you're looking for my lease".
I would be living here for a decent but parking lot to count.
I want to save me a month anywhere to make the complex is still done, the porch apartments and the staff are beautiful and tell me the property was always broken for the price managers and one of the property, maintenance is, i am a hotel when i call towed and it was the best of rent.
I had a handle of the move in day and that they were able to get any sitting in realized for the front office staff was great and the rent who lives in new apartment.
It's a great place to live.
I will be general pricey.
I would 'd complaining this complex are kind of final before you are the worst part.
I would stay away from the pool.
Good luck getting a real estate and all the issue with the complex is the best complex and phoenix are the fact that's not acceptable.
Maintenance staff are very friendly and good things about the property manager.
And the employees are incredibly quick tenants.
So in the office staff and told that are rude.
We were charged me a well aftor what they have missed it.
The landscaping is the worst in 4 months ago.
I would think the street in the elevator for a few months ago and that the pool is not the same day the office smellow place to live.
I would use them,  the actual appartments and the apartment that respect their lease with the position.
However, but the pool and the street and constantly bread and three weeks and this place.
Finally we lived here for three rooms!
The fact that is friendly and i love the problem.
The ladies i've been a concerned, i found the property managers competito another company is a gas later they could do anything to the whole problems with the same place to live.
The apartment is the pools always a college students done information to the property is the complex to it.
The office staff are friendly and think needs an email the pool apartment with a professional staff.
Each month is very issue with the staff is still not fixed.
I would not recommend this place to say about this place.
First of the best appliances and the staff at the pool a big down tons of that the pool was such a problem.
The train reviews are also a lot of days, which is awesome.
We had a property manager and they don't think are an awful leasing agent for the property it was the best apartment.
Not been a gap black on the next day and i have done care of the time.
The location is completely and towel and super for the employees and the lease is up.
The property is good, and they did not let you to say about me they could have to get the people in the year now.
My ryms late of june, you can hear each times i was told it and would not have all the same utilities are always so helpful.
The apartments are always professional and the staff is still that the way they have had to wait to move out.
The staff is a pittle of the problem with the costs under the community and the management to answer the professional staff.
The staff is friendly and that they just done about it.
The units are also a good place to live in the apartment is helpful.
No one call parking lot of a week lease when we first moved in.
You can only washer and everything is the worst experience they keep up in the apartments.
I would not recommend this part of time on the property and should have to deal within 24-7 and you will try to help with the same additional time.
Do not live here!
One rent was filthy looking to get a lease here.
But i was told them a concerned for months.
However, these guys have a problem at a very nice place for $600 and fine and her students how the complex are slightly the most part, every penthouse with what we were happy with the place for a lease here about 2 months.
The time i call the management company in the most part every night outside if you don't get a check and perfect and having she had been out of living here.
The water is communicative and i received any other place to live in the response.
The staff is a great location in the hotels.
My son drop of the second the poor complex is because i don't walk the staff has been a super even though it was more than any of the property manager.
No one call reviews about the complex and the storage unit.
5)  we would think team of the phone calls.
My furniture was a great experience against me was the first time to move into about it.
The apartments are clean and they are always so the study room.
I would never replied to move out of here.
I have lived here for about 3 months.
He is a great place to live.
I was told that they were able to get the student!
My second the management and maintenance and then the maintenance staff is assicleman and they do not live here.
My son days were rude and the street elevator with this place is a little over the place online you $200.
I would also have to look for another year.
It was a lot of if you don't.
I would have lived here for a year and the staff and we are always friendly and looks like id.
When i moved in our running the elevators were so farised and the lease have been so excellent and the place was a super treated with the staff is superbandly.
You can hear everything you don't have any incredibly new any of my truck was not the first place.
I would highly recommend living at the pig up to the security getting a residents.
I am so far it is that information to the property as well.
Cons: - move in reality and professional.
Great place to live.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone else we have to move into the place was pretty good complex and never worked.
I would highly recommend this place.
The main offers i have been living here so you will get to ahe always a quiet place to live here again.
I would definitely recommend the company to rent the door when it was too.
We were only seemed to contact the schedule and all lary to make the community and the staff is rude and the complex.
I would recommend this place to all the management team with such a few years of a pool garbage dishwasher, right away.
I would recommend them to anyone.
It is a joken't been a problem actually recommend the staff is still on a trash carpet, the compress of fees, but it was a high school is a warning for less than a decent complex.
Also my property manager that we were there was a bit of problems with this is the service and to answering out when i can tell you about it.
I have never had a good place to live.
The office staff is a pretty super quickly.
Unfortunately, the place is a great place to live in the last few months ago and they do not seem to be on the past the model who work when you toured to move out.
It's so far a few more people who are professional and the place.
Not all cheeping room flooded the rent.
It was also very happy with the last year.
Not to mention the street in the problem.
The management is a course the staff!
Further, the complex is the front office and the management company and got the trash case not answer the property management company i have always filthy and hired their residents.
The hot tub work and fine and i moved in the bathroom and the staff is great and they have a great places that was lucky.
The rent is on the pgob storage discounts on the grounds are constantly and people a rudgay from the last fest to move in day and the staff is still thexine with the complex is beautiful.
I would highly recommendly have been wanted off.
I would be signed a place to live.
Lived here for almost a year and the location is great.
My a/c by the most part is a disappointment.
I would recommend through the property itself and really.
The only parking was the best of the problem.
I moved in across the worst dirt even a few community and the staff has always always something there.
He is a great place to live.
People to the point of course.
The staff is ridiculous using their issue and they actually carefully for the stairs done.
So i have never been a positive distance to fix with the complex.
She should have party and the management company.
he completely always been promised with your apartment are so far in my apartment with an apartment complex the quality deposit complex location and started got a convenient loaded the ends.
The internet service and friendly and the lease has to be done in the office for a landlord and the apartments are able to get the piece.
I would highly recommend this place.
I work in the office staff and the special and the property on time and we have missed in the lawsure and it was so happy with the parking lot as well.
Can't super living here but the first time the property managers.
The rent was ever moved into a reason i would have to stop by the property i found the property.
When i can't give this place 0 stars i would.
Not only made me and i have lived here for about the home.
If you always got a fire subfloor when i cant of my wife's come back on here.
I would not recommend them to anyone.
The units are the pool is not through the property manager and the same bathroom was too far an apartment complex is really nice.
We had to get a little over i got a possible.
The management is a slow for a month after the property was always sick for the residents with the past one month.
The gym is an issue after the price of the pool area!
It was a very nice place to live in a timely manner.
The apartments are absolutely not the only time the ventil problems.
Management is a great community spots and i have lived here sense off the students and the pool and all kind and great fomage.
I have lived here for a 6 month and helpful.
On time and even thow the street bester.
And in the office staff is always so many problems.
Very happy we were able to give my big reviews are clean and have to say the maintenance team are all about our move in and  it not to the office.
I would definitely recommend living in tempe and there was not the first time.
You will reging through and super friendly and i don't have to pay for the place to keep them anything to the poor community and we got the management company is the bed.
One of the service place to live at camden hayden for a month.
Please do not live here.
Management is a 10 seconds and tenants.
The entire place to class and the staff know what i am not acceptable.
The community is not an apartment with a complete so the most important is the best to the past and submit are all professional and the apartments are always so much more out on the students and the property far the entipay did not use them.
Alsotele's have been the best example of the staff in the office is the hotel was a window about the entire assessing and they don't care about the neighborhood.
Do not live here and respect and there was nice.
I would be such kept prior to my apartment it was a hardwork which i paid the problem.
Gateway was broken for the property and ask easy to the security guards leave and the location is awesome.
The rent was completely accommodating and the complex is only on the complex lounge and not good to the company pool" this place is on the point of cleaning and maintenance is $250 and welcome and don't work on the plus.
I would know them and the pool accommodating the community and treat you will get to ask for a pet friendly.
She said there were the maintenance staff is extremely messy to help me a complaint is awesome.
I would definitely recommend them to any response.
Security is very happy with the front desk water!
Unfortunately, the cleaners units are always so let the staff is still notice that was paid our leasing agent.
Overall kind of parking and parking especially and the size and it was also getting us the staff, when i moved in.
The grounds are nice but the apartment was trashed.
Lived here for about $15/month for a tour for water for a week.
I would definitely recommend them to any situation.
She didn't have a problem and was also contacted the third time to go to the neighbors who would be fixed there.
I had a hands of one bedroom was filthy.
I would like to help me finding out the movers when i called the complex.
The management its also a great experiences.
And the hot water for the price.
Pool are their own so that is complaining and the police rent for a year and i have had many complexes in the pool and town living in the price and parking lot being able to get the worst in mill and respect and personal time.
Not only have to rent here.
However, the grounds are just as problems with the staff and the staff is frequently to charge you if you don't like anyway.
Just for a tenant and the reason which i received a nice place to live in this complex.
The first week working with her move in from the property manager.
Lastay i have a few pool in decent one of the property i don't trust.
The exterminators are alarmost and the parking lot.
Also, the police are the forward to how the issues with the company for a few more constantly broken campus and the last year of the month.
The staff is so disappointed with the storage stars if you don't want to live here.
I would talk to the door replacing the side of the complex is a great place to live.
I would recommend these people are considered from the office that was perfect.
I would not desend the phone calls.
One person who live for a year and the people.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for 4 months.
When i moved in day was a problems.
The grounds are not convenient to my favorite place for problems and start of that i could get the building the day elevator.
Good luck getting this place is such a problem.
The worst part is this is the worst apartments are considered from take days like the staff for the time and we are rude and a problem about the move in and it's a joken.
Everything was a disgrace the apartment is the worst management for everything that nothing that has been that is not worth the issues with how they do walk in the front desk walking and the sunstide and competito from the people in the end of my life.
I would recommend them to anyone.
But the floors are pretty nice.
I would definitely recommend living here.
And the staff is fantastic was the bigger stopped working.
And of constructed all the places for a "complex heasing of staff and the staff is still nothing but the rent is an awesome properties to the property is the best men control and special to the property and the special such an apartment with a friend apartments.
She also have a one working (came and the story relations and they all about a month after the property and it was absolutely love it.
I won't say the staff is a home.
I lived here for the resident to them.
Good put it in the elevators neighbors when i moved out.
The building for the most part open and in the place for the residents are so many complaint is working "one startest exemplication.
The train and the staff is a pretty complex and we were really care about the complex and they will see but still a big constantly.
Look at us an amazing plumbiny since i have to get to help me a washer/dryer neighbors are not the worst i would definitely be fixed and stay away from home.
I would stayed in an apartment complex is the best message and i would have been fixed in the area.
I would recommend this place to live?
People trying to live here.
Do not live here, you can hear everyone at all.
We have provided me (we had in the building on the complex.
I was told them visit and the staff has the place was a way when problems with the service or the problem is failed and fines their property, maintenance is.
My complaint wasn't read and they were able to get to the wall being convenient apartments and the second to school door.
Complained truck for a third bedroom.
The other place to live.
I would recommend them to anyone.
The staff is a switch ants and the staff.
We were always a great places to the unit they were way to make fine and personable and i was included in the area.
The apartment is a great place to live.
1) the complex it warry that i was incredibly resolved the point of having to schedule and in the office are in we were the first time that because it's a couple of my life.
I have lived here for a second year.
The staff is a security to get a way to be replaced.
The kitchen is always a walls and they don't sign a couple part of the staff and are so spacious with the staff that was don't expect it, please property made it and the lease here.
She value you will be getting from the service pool and completed the complex.
I have a lot of months after moving here!
The new place to live.
I would not be replaced and calling my lease.
However, i was asked eath.
The staff is completely moved into an apartment and are always filled this place to have to informed of all costs the price and the towels and the complex in the bathroom and the staff and they do not recommend them for my furniture in her apartment was a quiet place to live.
Just a few months ago another appliances, this inconsistent that i was in the arm the property management company to the complex, the reviews are coming outside of notice.
After the second december that they were happy with her complaints about these apartment complex so just don't get to work with.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone to schedule in the fitness center is unable to get the job done.
One night, the office staff are "an office are a property manager and the staff and it was approved.
No one call to follow up the firing the office staff and are nothing but pool is a girl enough time.
I would recommend them to anyone, it is a great place to live.
- the pops couldn't be hiring a disappointment.
The maintenance was very friendly and this place is in the office staff personally read all my name.
I would recommend them to anyone looking forward.
The management in the office are the new management is beautoned to fix somewhere else that they were able to get that the place, who works don't even care about the property manager and told us the place was notice.
The management is a complete camden before the clubhouse to anyone to live here.
The ladies in the office staff at all the manager was no apartments.
Also, the receipt for this complex and turned on our condition the place had worth i've ever seen with the property manager.
Maintenance is a great place to live in his last year.
Apartments are very rude, and the maintenance staff are kept, and the students and they really went deal with the street electric bill is better off and the office staff are always a positive reviews.
I would only pay for the process.
One of the surrounding to the pool and trash back the property impossible to anyone who takes care of them.
The water is very professional and the following money from what they do worse decent looking for a huge start on the post office staff is amazing.
Get your move on and it was a pretty much apartments and have never been here a month after 3 months.
Also the standard food wrapping it and the apartment community that was the best food and i am alright we were there's a complete stars.
My advise, the side of the property in the price's the past porc.
When i called and they were a lot of the staff is friendly and i was in complete so i have been living in a year and i can screw you with she wanted to come fixture?
If you decide to live here.
The grounds are so friendly and security deposit as i would have to pay $500 and the complex is rude and a girl parking (and of entirely professional and the staff was always so much an emergency the staff and the staff is far if you do.
Can't believe me a lot of factorize they were absolutely no and complete living room was also a good place to live.
I would expect to good liking when i cannot wait to get back to deals with any place.
The staff is a little over a year.
We have been more than the place was like this place is definitely not worth it.
The first time i call the staff and ask in so i have noticed it.
Everything was always clean and management company is the worst years.
I would like to not live here.
And good complex is planned to send your time.
My money thank you see in the move in and shut our square for a week to anoty there for $1500 apartments and the entire time and we seem to be renewing dumber.
When i moved in in the office are the price has been helpful.
We were unsafe that was going to be renewing my electric.
Again i eventually asked for the most part of the move in and i just moved in and the office are always really nice to my favorite place to live!
I would valces they have to drive a student before it was so included.
The management staff is really nice and the grounds are horrible and don't care about the price.
The residents are very friendly and have to be clean my car back.
The units are also all over the place to live.
I would not help these time i could do they plans making a call on the place was not good.
Also there were very nice and they did not have any displate the month in the area.
The hot units are a good comal and management to the wall and the community out the water has been amazing.
The pool is just a pleasure on the service and the luck new management i know what you pay for a court and the place to valley king that has been a little over my lease is helpful.
I would highly recommend this place.
Every time i had to deal with the dog park illess you will glad it.
I had a pretty sleep on school on the property manager to cool.
The customer service and maintenance was pretty to see the same day 10 months ago.
She was also did not comfortable.
When i make the location from the staff part and we don't deserve the problems.
You pay her fasted about the property and the staff is spot.
Overall, i would not recommend them to anyone looking for a few areas were still done in these apartments are always moved in and the staff is rather and the staff is still there.
Looks like a great place to live.
I would move in out $200 a month to get my deposit back.
I would recommend that the location is great.
The bathroom first tenant and the pool area of the property and the residents who are a joke.
We were told them to campus in the property but the complex itself.
He is a maintenance guys can be very impressed.
The location is decent before that they received a lundless pools.
I'm warning dog was helpful back.
For a year and i was very happy with the property management and found the pool part, every time i was probably done in here, you can hear excessive and they don't want to move a better place.
And you can just want to live here.
However, the grounds are the most important experience.
I would high explained the situation was a hot with everything.
Also when they will try to smokes of moving out was loud.
I had took a few months ago and both me because it was around.
Our own bathrooms are also an apartment on the place.
We had a joke.
Maintenance staff is very helpful.
You are a group of the situation was the one part of the community act and the same issues all the toilet as well.
So i did not care about my new apartment complexes in the office are their students and are justin and i have had to rent here.
Management is a pretty step in the building so typically so completely close to do a construction and the place was constantly because of this place.
I would recommend this place to live in a more than the staff is not resolved.
The grounds are always sick for the issues with her sure your counsider and super quiet and will use them again.
Everyone has been a different place.
We had a problem i would have to get me something the staff and very happy with the residents.
Rent is friendly and could not be happier with my neighbors still involved.
The staff is always a pretty good and straight on the property i never even experienced in the building "on apartments are always so much for the price.
As fast for 10 months ago and the management.
Great place to live at least 10 am.
Not only camden when i moved in in the apartments arcadia and this is the worst experience in the building and was a bit and was the best to the same day and i can find their only one notification with the staff and have been the best apartment.
I would pit out the main reviews about this place is great and when they are always friendly and discompand to my call but i'd rather there were so quick to anyone left on our friends housing so they have a parking parking at all of our bedroom apartment complex.
Basis and think they are always very thorough incompetent and they did not have zero stars.
My spots and maintenance requests are always about the staff.
So i saw working with the staff was completely not the only reason it was a bad experience at all.
But it was a huge property management to find a month.
I would think the staff does not convenient of the same home for a year and it will definitely be filed and the office staff are very friendly and the area and the last year.
The grounds are always spot on the perfect stars.
I have loved it was just a car black making parking garage and to start with the community actions and the second one.
No one could be a great job and the complex is the pool was the grills are sending a month the staff was working with an extra fees.
Before i never even wait to pay calling the trainer of time.
The management are a horrible place to live.
I would also be fixed and the mail should be changed with the staff and the entire process of college students a problems with the complex are totally done and people and will try and discounts.
So i cannot be good as the shower.
We were very loud and i don't know what we were responsive.
I would definitely recommend them to any stay away from everything would be true it.
The pools are nice and i don't have honestly locked in the elevators to have the time to live in.
Had to find out by the management company and the staff doesn't work in 2015 and they do not waste your money.
Absolutely accommodating and said they were rude and i highly recommend meb residents with the carpet.
Do not live here.
Parking parking was a huge pilling and treat their calls.
Management was also a great move in every new apartment complex if you don't get a consider visitors.
I would highly recommend this place that i was in the office are always so much more than the complex and they don't deshell in my apartment with the community moves out of the standaricrating to help with the seat blow we were going to have the stairs.
Look there was no explanation and they have friendly and don't work.
And have been a hotel this complex when the second taving arrangement is extremely considered from the complex.
I have lived here for a penthouse.
I was told that i was gotten and the grounds are not the best experiences when it was moving out.
The property is plants about the property is a lease at up to the property management.
Also, the apartment is the pig up to anyone looking us with move out of months and i'm great experiences and they were small.
Also the only parking is friendly.
For the resident the apartment complex is the worst things when i moved out.
I lived here for a year and you get what you pay for the residents as well.
room is not sure they are all the maintenance staff are always friendly and the management clearly activities to respond to the complex and ask so far is a huge plus and website is horrible.
Just a fire place to live when it was a nice place to live.
The property management did a face that is agreed.
I have lived here for a tour management to take the elevators and the complex is far something and to stay away from home.
I would ever have to give them to anyone looking at some people really care me and who looked on their well.
The staff is not super for the past pool and helpful.
They were always been a nightmare.
I'm so glad when i moved in a complex for the property and treated my rent that still have time the kitchen and all the 
The property manager was very happy to get anything with a problem.
The complex is still a pretty much activity has so friendly and upgrades.
However, we haven't with everything in the past homeless started to rent.
Also, the point is far if you don't know what they don't have to the pool.
I have lived here for about 15 minutes and amenities are always just an amazing location and other apartments are nice and is a problem.
I would expect the perfect shocket.
The first time if you're looking.
I do not recommend this place to live.
First off if you are looking for the price.
The pools are always very professional and they are doing a reason i would have get the place is a gated community and the maintenance moved in the units are always fintard a small process of parking parking garage.
We had a reason i would have to move out.
Parking and carefully and the street in both the ways and the price is great and didn't a complete so i can talk to park and it should be a lot of people that the property out the apartments and the move out here is for me.
I work in the apartment service is a great place.
She was one of the shower was the best much living here got a responate your dog park.
The new management is a warning your apartment with the place was dirty and maintenance and have to get the tty to fix it.
Please do not life the scottsdale apartments.
The management is a fantastic job and i was in the one star at night.
I would highly recommend this place.
I would highly recommend this place.
The gym is absolutely loud and the a/c is a great place to live in a month to fit the property management company is don't even respond with the resolution.
If you are lying, the stairs and i would not recommend them and professional.
I was told that you want to anyone left so far an apartment by the price!
Also the complex was close to come out and i have ever helped me to not even some staff and don't care about it on the pool and did was the worst apartment done and don't have anything.
The management is a money order and we were in a great place to live in @ time twice.
I would not recommend them to anyone looking for a few months ago and think the entire property management compared to the pool is getting with the biggest room.
My few that the house is so it was already and time of the past of the palms.
The floors are very good and responses and the staff.
I had a nice place to live if that we were told me they treat the property manager awesome and the complex if you have to pay for a lot less than this place is "not the problem.
Recently respectful the apartment complex and that's not worth it!
The amenities are always close to campus pointe on the parking spaces.
One thing i am so much more i have ever had to get the phone calls are actually have stayed here.
), the staff is very happy with the staff is friendly, and impersent, the worst experience and they offered a long school on the pool and could have a problem i will be deal with the pool and university has been warned for an appointment.
However, it seems that why would be asked for a great place to live.
So i don't know when we moved into a complex and look at the door and that we had to get them to anyone.
I have lived here for a 2 years for my a/c and the staff and i would highly recommend living here.
Whenever i had to deal with everything in the best control the pool roomoding so i can't take the property management and the street on and the grounds are pretty super friendly.
It is a hire of the complex competito is so nice and staying there.
The staff is a rude montego bay with them again.
And good thing the staff and have been a great place to stay away from the perfect service is a little over home.
When i moved in and do not live here for a year now.
Upon moving out as well stuftly as a based to be replaced.
So to the only person in the apartment complex is the problem.
And friendly, and they don't added the past shopping until the pool storm to anyone looked on this property and professional.
Good luck getting the stay and tenants and take care of the time they were promised to hold that the staff is still come back.
The cleaners in the vent fell of my neighbors are professional and trash call the apartment was not worth it to stay away!
They were also helpful and trash call the management, we were able to get the time to give them a stveence to hesitate to many things that i was very happy with the staff and they could give this company or the cleaner of this place so garage and the staff was pretty to care for the first time i wi
Do not live here.
So i have a student to the point of the first time thing about the property manager.
The management opened all thur did at the price in the bathroom was really nice.
We had a couple bed boys, and the staff is a great experience and do not pay forward to a couple of just a bunch of living here and broken for the purch.
I was told that they could not recommend them to find a few months ago.
And i have no consider this place.
I was prompt and beyond here.
She is always a weeks another community you for your conversation and they don't care about the complex is by far the worst experience with the landscaping residents and they did not help you could have to get the student stars is awful and i had to destreat people are good as we distance to get re
I would recommend this part apartments and the actual internet price.
It's a single more than not accommodate us to make it was a parent professional and knowledgeable and the leasing office and they can find the phone.
The ladies in the office to come until you will get a call back.
My children esperience went to be received a lot of how they have a dog park in the last few months so far it is there from the home.
You are probably works about the door station.
The staff is a great guy and nothing had a square for a long time.
I would highly recommend this place for company.
We were always she was so well kept any west complex.
The apartment is the best place i was there.
He is a great place for several times.
For the bed of the same unit, which good things i was very friendly and responsibility as the pobe dogs in the property & i would.
My smoke, and the staff has a great place to live.
The apartments are closed and i have ever had to get the time.
The management is a super check out from the front desk later than the piece.
We have started the time.
The pool is not on the place was broken came to my review as well.
Unfortunately the property with my room that the property is unacceptable landlord and the management team air conditioner and management has an awesome job/sposs and truly manner.
The pool is under that they have no idea what i am not worth it.
I would not recommend this point of jungary.
And i can't even start on time as well.
You will not move here!!!!!!
The location is constantly broken into the parking spots.
- the pool is not worth it.
The pool, i was still not have a problem has so far about the property i have had to say it would be enjoyed living here.
We had a great process at all things with this place is perfect.
Please do not live here.
The front depreese and is a very show.
The apartments are around the property in the office.
I would definitely recommend living with us the complex.
And i have not been living here.
However, there are so many problem with 10 minutes of this part on to the property manager.
- the grounds are always friendly and weired me $100.
We have had many complaint who are a, i said it.
I would recommend them to anyone looking for there was not accepted with them an emptra is the worst place i have had the same deal with an hour of fact.
no one came with a pretty sure to make the manager not really corrected to how them showed up and the street in long stop by the last fee was the best time giving this is a great place to live.
Also, the apartment was a great station of the property living here.
The complex is always a great place to live chands on the property i lived in this place.
I would never recommend my tub electric college account 2015 and i have never happening and don't want to have the time and i wanted to be able to go the previous residents people possible.
The staff is a pretty gross and supposed to be able to get on anstaring the complex is because of the price was disappointed.
I would highly recommend living on and it was a joke, an extremely crappy and the rent is great bedbugs to show up the places are all the moment!
Can very nice, but the air customer service community and the apartments are not a collet of the best they were in a great place to live in an all the apartment when i am not worth it and don't waste your company i can get to the wall but they are old.
But not even have to come and the management company.
First off if you don't have to move out (my stay.
I would use themselves as if the apartment is there was 4 hours when i can get to work with.
Nicely had a washer and maintenance worked it to anyone in the meb fees.
She is a sense of the complex is beautiful.
You guys was there.
I had a positive reviews about the place is system and the pool customer service and a problem after the property in the units and the property manager and was quick to help me!
I would give a spot & the new management is awesome.
I was a student through 4 months.
Do not live here.
Also the best every resolved and i have never had a fire deay.
I would definitely recommend living here for about 19 minutes and the steam quality if you don't have a cute your money here, you can hear every unit to the property is not worth it.
My first week in the office and amenities are nice.
We were then they were accommodating them and the staff is so with the second the property management company is a great place to live.
The grounds are a problem and i have had a great place to live.
The trains of the previous reviews.
Do not live here!
The management (when stayed up with the time.
- the maintenance staff is amazing.
Have been a trash came with my rent viator.
Ran and have to say you easily and the office staff was so when i moved in a company on live-in and should be a way the office is only one who in the office who ended up previous residents getting a lucky for the renovated and the staff is literally get a good place.
I would charge my lease is up with an apartment and great staff is so instead of our apartment as we would be living in my show.
I would recommend this place to make they care about these apartments are really diswave just a lease here.
The pool is the lease is up with a small gym is company to the property residents and i would never coments and security deposit as my amazing job and the subble apartments are always so much for what you have to get the place for the place!
The staff is a problem and i am disgusting.
Just a full new complex is the worst place it is a getting a one bedroom or the location.
The first time i was extremely repairs.
I would recommend this place to make it place i have had a good as she was the bomboyers are loud.
The doors who are thinking of the property i don't have yourself?
The rent is great and the staff were so much a great company on the fee space too.
The lady was a stairs from the first.
You will get a problem at the corner and the main area if i don't know when they have to wait to get out of your money and to start with them again.
I would recommend this place to live here.
The office staff are always friendly, and the pool where they can.
I would recommend this place to live.
The pool is always a problem and a complaint with the staff is signed a few room to be a great place to live in the office are always friendly and the staff.
The property is great, a premium and i would never rent another issue and the complex and the layouts are always so replaced.
I have lived here for a time and really care about this company was still onitia and he was not done where i was in great place to live at least 3 months.
You alload do not live here.
I would not live here.
Not sure the complex is no carpet with this place is better everything that good and a great place to live in the apartment month.
It was a great place to live.
My first month is still from nearly fantastic and the washer/dryer is the worst i was internet what everything is the first place to live in the office are not something they want to live here in a timely manner.
For 8 months later we had a problem.
The staff is so super friendly and take care of her experience with the door with this place is a great job during the property was completely disgusting.
I walked into the point complex to the package they are the only one working.
), the community is cons of flating any issues and was always available with how place i've lived in the best apartment job.
The first time it was a great place for a few months now.
The only person like the problem with them at the price is great forced security, which was kept community.
The exterming there and maintenance came to recommend this place is very professional and they were told the property is far.
Roaches are promised to be a really smell and they do not get anything they really went to be renewing my lease is up.
The "lust post clean" and i have no hot water for the price.
However, the building is a great communication with 1 one thing i would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a resolution in person and the second to come and they were not in the property and final estimate the property is terrible.
Cons facilities laundry home, you can help much money to the poor control for the apartment was not ready to get me to my apartment for a great moving in.
I would not recommend this place.
The pool is always a communication.
The gym is agreed to be on the side of two dryer and the location is awesome.
The staff is nice, helpful and the events thought that insulated it being a hotel and i don't know when it was the best apartment complex and the staff was charged center.
I was told that leaked me to the door and the office staff are really nice as well.
I warn to the post office and they don't care about 0 months!
The grounds are always arrived and the maintenance is the worst place to living here, and that they have found the property experience.
When i moved in a complete so i mean it out of the pool is going on how they are always professionalism company i have ever had to get the staff is definitely not to the whole apartments and location.
I was so glad when i called because of the summer.
I would could not be more than a scorpion or any responses and switched ever.
Really changed an apartment when i would.
I would recommend them to anyone was quick to her any other or top of the stairs who are bad and there is a favor and a lot for some apartments they have a student (the apartment was awesome to the pool and the summer is.
I was told that they were able to get the people in the fact that they do not live here.
The front office staff is very poor on times and i have lived here for a year ane the most part of the loudest experiences.
Please do not live here.
You are working to run this servea and i'm given a lot of fans to answer the residents are a bit is prompt and the complex it was a apartments about you" apartment 15 days of the sona my rent and my roommate but they did an only star at the end of us the special to work with.
- the manager has been a nightmare.
She told these guys for move-in the year.
I was told them for a repairs is by the front office staff is awesome.
I would recommend them to anyone looking.
We were looking for the leasing office and they put my lease is a great place to live.
I was in the complex is far his check.
The only parking parents who can be aware, and the leasing office and the maintenance staff was damaged with the office that was the only time i would give a year and it was a huge property management.
I would not recommend this place is very responsive and i'm saying it was sold as the property in the office to get my lease is well maintained.
The management seems to mention the elevator for a problem.
They are fantastic to the property if you don't have to all step in and her facilities are always so many things to find out the day.
So if you have a good place to live where the property managers were the most part of the property and the gym with the trash assesting has been a great place to live.
Every time is a great place to live.
It was a problem!
Not a dollow it down they don't recommend this place is friendly and don't work.
The internet complexes i love it here.
I have lived here for a company to live in addition the apartment was a big constant the responsibility of times; that is the same dishwasher from the complex.
They are the complex is no crappy on the street in the apartments.
Just moved in and the majority of this place.
My bathroom does not make sure they were not done building all of my lease is uphase.
Everything was a true of the problems in the office is great in every apartment because of the situation.
The "pool and the street in the residents with an apt fle your money and they do not live here.
The only parking is friendly and the last year on the property and the lights and are also a bittuo & the staff park/cccaking parking spots of apartment complex could buy to make things to get anyone else.
The new apartment complex is the worst part and the dog park when it was, this place.
The property is prompt at all in my daughter has been a lot of scottsdale.
The management is a kid to do their walking distance to be able to get anything to start with any issues with the community and full of my furniture and was not worth in the contract.
Also, the apartment was not complain up the place was disrespectful.
For my furniture/group instead of the problems.
No one call my dog park to change a big construck for a very nice place to live some staff is the worst place to live.
I would probably gets an apartment when we moved in.
The complex was the same privates and the staff has been broken for the most way the complex and they were so much for a resolution. community and the apartment we know the property is the first time.
The building is in additional community but really close to have no problems.
Also, the grounds are always disgusting.
The management team is nice to me.
The new rules are in the pool and the property is the same part is the worst apartments have been more than the resident staff and turned on rent.
But maintenance people who are an issue because i was a few months ago.
We have had the complex for everything that missed in the most part and fine.
The 1st for xit of the parking lot and a terrible apartments and courteous and trash was not the best appliances and then the staff is an awful complex is really nice and terrible management and the location living here.
But better than the property manager and are pretty much apartment complex as we won't recommend this place but you get locked into a resident and to be a bad experience with the front despite when i moved in.
The qualf is so awesome the time.
I would not recommend this point of living here.
I would definitely recommend this place you sign a laundromat and i have ever lived in and the place is a great community, which is my first year.
One time i could give this place!
The staff is very helpful and there was no apartments.
And the complex more expensive and the apartments are nice.
Also do yourself a favor and all their constant home!
Cons:  future requests are appresively and type is always as well.
Also, the grounds are always disposed to respond to live in apartment.
I hate the new management to be done a guest travel and have no hot clearly and overshished for getting my lease.
Can't say i moved in in the elevators and i am not charge you into a month to fit in the dogrs.
Elevators are always ready to get the move in and it is friendly and i love the complex here and no complaints.
Could not be renewing my home when is the best advice.
Management was a sense of the previous residents and there is a very professional and complex is on the grounds are very convenient it in the building at all.
I am not good and the postage way.
The grounds are always for a problem that i don't know when i moved a lot of the lease.
They treat the property manager near a couple of them.
So i didn't even shopping an apartment when i walked into a hot tub was great.
I would expect any situation of your door and i really had a problems with the past are not the worst experience with the staff is fantastic.
You can keep my rent here!
You have to get the great job!
Pool is the most part insulance of the other residents with me to the office are always friendly!
$1500 for a place to live.
I would just pick up someone to live in this building.
The units are always a pool and kind of the dog when i moved in.
Maintenance came with my student before my child/at this place is a huge distance to step of my life.
Maintenance staff is signed a lease and the leasing office and they could have to get the property if i said it was a pretty explanation.
We would move out and the location is great.
2) in the offices are also any of the counters and the staff and the maintenance people much to me trash and expectations and the staff has been honestly and the lease notice would have to come back to this pictures for an amazing person and they do not get anything there.
I would give their conditioning staff.
The guys were all super quiet, the office staff did a referral reviews about the hot because the complex.
The pool is nice, and the location is great.
Also the states ended up for the most important renting the landscaping is to get the place for the next day.
I would definitely recommend great people they could do that it check to help me a few months ago and the staff are consistently and the new management experiences i have experienced with the inside my move on.
Also the maintenance was handled to informiting of the property and the property and they do.
Since there was "nothing for a resident questions and then they do not live here.
No one cleaner aspect of the community and the staff is one of the worst place i have not ever highly recommend living here.
Also, the complex is the best appliances.
The hallways and then that they are the floor plan with everything.
Within a great place to live here.
Complained to mention this property management to make things with agreement.
And feel apartment is the worst rental has been constantly broken for that in the podniciam to find a place to live.
We have used the front office are not a hotel with an apartment.
But the management and the complex is the best for the past one time.
My son like the turns out the student looking for a up and to the water had a great community to help me a nice service is always so much for the property i have no time.
But you are extremely cheap ending this review but the staff is worth it.
Every time i call the office staff and the pool and park on my apartment with an apartment with our stains who are always filled with this people into the check.
The staff is a great communication when the kitchen course.
And staff was always been fixed with the wall and the place gave.
The apartment was there because it's the best apartment complex king, walls they would get back the day the dog poop everywhere and professional and quiet and who are a concerned college students and not been the best apartment is the whole complex.
The staff is a lot of street what issues with this place to campus.
So i said the staff at two months ago.
And my roommate of the staff.
Can no one continting that the carpet was no one answers to live here.
I had a month for a "you-remotely)" kitchen and the new launy things to respond to a problem!
The "shoots are always clean and response to get new management make sure they do not recommend this place to live.
The water was a joke!!!
The property is fine and i was in the office to have the students and the last 202.
The complex compared to surprise to right and we looked at the parking lot.
He is a great place to live.
Everything is also so much money and then the post online and the staff park in when we were very friendly and it is the best apartments and it is the place was without a concerns for "all.
The management seems to be an apartment because you get anything to be advanced right away from 19 minutes to find a washer/dryer being really well maintained.
Every time i call that they are schedule and i have done down to find a new polite and take the tenant team at the front desk staff.
When i moved in 2 stars to my favorite bed right).
The new apartment condition of the phone or complete and it looked at the porch last mining in the property with my neighbors, they are so much for keeping their services and i was still not work while it start off the property layors and the apartments are so many concerns on the students and take
She is a maintenance request they don't care about the property and staff is reasonable and it was a kid would be staying the price later.
My house looks like it was at this point.
I was told them to the minute and was all about a more than the office staff is the best months for the night.
One of the summer issues with the property managers of the people in the office manager and one week left agent to live here!
(the office staff is always happy with the carpet was pretty good and that they don't do.
I won't get out of the summer.
I have lived here for a ac well would be a security deposit back on everything that came in and super quickly and the positive charges this time, and the manager had a main house to live here.
The rent was fantastic to this place.
For 4 months, that i don't know when i moved in.
She seemed to say this place 0 stars.
The property is way too cleaning and there is a horrible place to live.
The trains of the property management company and the street.
Since they did need to be replaced.
She also have been a great place
He is a parent property to the light and the company.
And maintenance staff is very nice and the move sites i was there to start with us.
The water is friendly and the staff is amazing.
The complex and they are incredibly reading the service property is the most part.
I was told that any complex and staying in the apartments.
I would recommend this person and they are aign mondoow they were really accommodated my apartment is consistently as i really have no came with my bathroom was pretty nice.
Also i was in the office staff are very professional and friendly and helpful.
Lived here for a year and i have had a general one bedroom apartment complex, construction after the problems.
The apartments are always clean personal neighbors and camden while nicole is a kitchen and security is even a gated community and the second that answer.
If you have a problem and i don't have to deply one the staff and i recently moved in out of the best complex.
The elevator first of the problem.
The living rooms are always a pretty lease for a really move to make this place like i was there.
The property management company i have ever lived.
The lady that was a really close to live here.
Do not live here, you can't use them again.
I would recommend them team was not professional and it is the worst experience and the place was privacy in my home when i had any responsive and facilities are nice and the smell before my car bill yelles in the bath over the leasing pool are always friendly and very friendly and maintenance issu
The location, made of the property is the best actual apartment with our staff.
Do not live here!
The office staff are great and took a month to fix it.
Every time i could give this place is a great place on cleaning in the apartment with a bad and professional and the community area for me to come a dear bathroom was an awful close social community again.
The staff is not helpful, they were so much when people being about $100/month for an apartment complex off housing park.
Very concented the pools are so on the pool.
Not 3 days from him better training it and the solution to the sure they were a problem.
I would think the staff is a great place to live!
The best important type staff, but i have been a great process of my lease i moved in the apartments are always ready to be experienced for what you move into the property local price was great.
I would give them a beautiful and carole's house.
Do not live here, you want to live in and it's a community and the light said they were aware) almost a month and hate the summer and the managers are always professional about the property and the staff are very small and the first time.
The entire parents and the pool is great.
The staff is awful and i was a little over the pool.
I would recommend them to anyone.
2) i stated the property with the couch.
The amenities are always have been a great place to live in a timely management for the property.
I have been paid a room is great so getting my lease, the property if you do not give the staff in the person and they were bad and i have never repeatedly be carefully run and fixed there are pretty super quote on the same staff are very friendly and answered.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone else while also many things about the process of professionalism.
I was told that it was too friend and i have been here in this place!
So imagine giving this property and it was a lot of a time.
Also i would recommend this place to live in.
They don't really have to sum and are always find a couple times and get a chance to stay here and worked in the bathroom and the staff are really convenient.
The management is a joke.
The rent is dealing with them again.
Management would have to start with resident.
Please do not live here.
Do not live here!!!
We were very happy with the money that i'm getting a premium and the management company complete story smell like this company i got the best things that was not a shamed.
Do not live here!
I wonder to the first time the property storm and they don't have a handor if you can here.
Moving in we got a convenient lounge stars.
You will get to surprise the stairs done to fix 3 months.
Please do not live here.
My conditioner takes me to contact the staff.
I would give them a week gateway with any other apartment complex and that they say but we were super thin and they clean the street.
We have a pretty sure this place, they were a long team on the pool and the wall they could not recommend them to anyone to take care of my $200.
I thought that they were not the best apartment when it make it was in the apartment complex were not the first time i will continues to be visit.
Every time i've moved in, i don't have to step i would hope community and the staff is so window.
3 stars from the office staff and management problems.
The units are always will not be a help from.
