Liv is a nice place to be.
You cannot beat the neighborhood!
We use the adjacent walking paths every day.
The reviews that complain about the smell should not have moved to a rural area by dairies.
Kids splash pool and dog park are nice.
Staff is nice but we miss megan, she was so awesome!
One day the whole staff was replaced without notice.
Overall, it's a really nice apartment property in a great location!
An apartment locator recommended camden sotelo to me, along with other complexes.
It was the first one i visited.
I pretty much knew i would choose it immediately.
I especially liked the fact that the complex is dog-friendly.
I moved in about a month and a half later and have felt quite at home.
The management team is very efficient and responds quickly to service requests.
I'm looking forward to my stay here.
Thrid break in this year.
Two in just this semester.
The edge has done nothing to ensure my safety or resolve the problem.
I feel so unsafe i do not even go there and are stuck in my lease.
Last night gunshots fired right outside my door, again they have done nothing about it and do not plan to..
This property has totally turned around by new manager.
I am happy to say it is well managed.
Great pool and other amenities.
Easy access to the whole phoenix metropolitan area.
We love living here.
Anytime you need something fixed they're at your door within minutes!
The staff is very attentive to keeping their community satisfied with their living experience.
The 40 some odd reviews that aren't being displayed are 90% 1 star ratings and were flagged by management.
I am a current resident and my review can be found with those 40+ reviews.
Area was decent but the apartments are outdated.
Thin walls, cheap wooden doors have about an inch and half open area from the bottom when they are closed.
The sun is literally blazing in your eyes.
Be prepared to get charged an arm and a leg when you leave.
Don't nail anything into the wall unless you want a huge bill mailed to you when you're long gone.
If i could give this place 0 stars i would.
When we moved in there were so many things not working, work orders take weeks.
Carla in the front office is rude and not professional at all.
Absolutely and positively the worst place i've ever lived!!!!!
The staff is incompetent and unfriendly.
If you have a concern don't bother calling they office or even leaving a message, they won't answer!
But don't you worry!
But let's not stop there!!!!!
It's smell like dog shit!
There are always random commercial vehicles parked in the lots taking up spaces.
The leasing agent rachel was one of the most rude, snotty, disrespectful people i have ever come in contact with.
Before i was helped i heard her treat two current residents poorly and just say there's nothing i can do.
No explanation, no offer of help.
I echo many of the comments in the reviews below.
I do not live here; but i have visited and stayed with my sister on many occasions.
I spent the last week at sotelo on vacation.
The apartments are aesthetically nice, and the amenities (including the pool) are great.
But, as at least one other reviewer has mentioned, the walls are incredibly thin.
This has unfortunately been an ongoing problem.
This problem has been brought to management's attention.
Thus far, they have failed to address it and, instead, insist on increasing the rent.
This property is great.
All new appliances, perfect location and very friendly staff.
I want to thank adam and justin for helping with upkeep items, they keep everything in perfect working condition.
You can tell these guys are here for a reason..because they're the best!
My son moved in a year ago and has consistent issues.
Half of the community is closed due to the ground beneath the buildings collapsing.
Please do avoid this place like the plague.
There are better, safer, cleaner options right around the corner.
The worst apartment complex around.
They have terrible mold problems, mice issues and nickel and dime you for everything possible.
This place has the most amazing accommodations, the parking garages are underground!
Very nicely kept and maintained.
The remaining staff are as helpful and cheery - are never problematic or even slightly indecent with the residents.
Again, one last shout out to justin and adam!
Security deposits often not refunded.
1 start too many for this place.
Living here hasn't been the best experience, and here's why:   1.
To get to your room, you will spend at least 6 minutes.
First, waiting for the elevator.
Okay, this may be excusable - it gets busy at times.
Way to expensive for what i get.
So i don't have a meal plan, and i share a room and live with 4 girls total.
For one-fourth of a bedroom, one bathroom, and one tiny kitchen, i pay $750.
You can find apartments on green street for much cheaper - but again, i get it.
Shower head acting weird?
Well, wait it out because maintenance takes anywhere to 1-2 days to fix something.
Since we're on the topic of bathrooms - the shower is the dirtiest thing i've seen.
Oh yeah, the lock on our bathroom door doesn't work either.
When i moved in, the walls were not painted.
There was pencil drawn cartoon by my bed.
I'll probably get charged for it when i move out.
Laundry machines: $5 to buy the card only.
You have to add more money in to use the machines.
Whereas - ya know - other places take quarters and don't charge you anything.
And half the machines don't work.
Front desk: they're usually super nice, but why is there always a crowd by them when you need something?
I actually had to wait for them to finish their conversation with a friend so i get my package.
Been here almost a year now and so far been very impressed.
I could go elsewhere and save around $200 a month for a comparable plan.
However, you get what you pay for here.
The community is gated 24/7 and there is a courtesy patrol during the weekend nights.
If you are smoker then this place is not for you.
There is a community wide non smoking policy which i really like.
This also keeps the property a lot cleaner too.
My only gripe is the floorplan (b1) could've been laid out better.
I don't get why there is not medicine cabinets in the bathroom, but there is plenty of drawer space.
They should have designed this better to give more closet space.
Love the openness of the complex and the surrounding morrison ranch area is quite nice too.
Very close to shops and restaurants over at gilbert gateway and san tan village is about 10-minute away.
No scorpions or ants.
Too bad yelp requires a rating otherwise it would receive -5 stars.
This place is a joke of a property.
They pull you in by including all bills but in reality this place is the worst!
I was verbally threatened by my roommates and yet nothing was done.
It got to the point of feeling so unsafe that i moved out.
This place is so terrible they couldn't even pay me to live here.
So happy to be out of the property.
Literally my worst nightmare.
And aren't the friendliest.
They're no help what so ever.
Ive called them multiple times and they dont do anything about noise complaints.
They are no help at all.
The complex is extremely noisy all the time everyday of the week.
I finally called security which did nothing, then called the cops a few days after.
Their music was turned down for a good 3 days.
Then started up again which was even louder then before.
I then told the office and they said they would take care of it.
Which of course they didnt.
I complained to the office and once again did nothing.
Then one night i was home alone and someone tried breaking into my house.
They were wearing all red with a red bandana covering their face.
(i knew this because i looked through the peek hole.)
They even tried climbing up my balcony on the second story and tried opening my back door.
Which was luckly locked.
I contacted the cops, and the office.
They do not care about their customers.
They only want your money.
If they would have handled this situation in the first place it never would have turned out so badly.
If you are a parent reading this and deciding if your child should live here or not.
And cops are constantly all over the building arresting kids.
I think the only positive thing i have to say about it is the repair men come really quickly!
I have signed 2 leases at camden and i don't have many complaints about this place.
Albert, alpha, hailey, and the maintenance staff are all great.
All service requests are completed promptly and nothing is ever missed in the process.
My only complaint is that the grounds seem to be less than perfect lately.
Will i sign a 3rd year?
The first couple of years i lived at montego bay i was very happy.
I felt the rent was reasonable for what i got.
Then they changed management and everything changed.
It seems like every time you turned around there was an extra fee for some stupid thing or another.
I do have to say that for the most part maintenance was handled on a pretty regular basis.
The maintenance crew were polite and did the work as best they could.
As for the management staff...
In the beginning i thought they were great.
Overall the last year of my living at montego bay was pretty much a bad experience!
It seems that things are less safe than they were a few years ago as well.
I wouldn't recommend renting there.
Updated appartment and nice staff.
Currently missing my cousin's gender reveal because of the fact they don't have control of their own parking lots.
Maybe you shouldn't run an apartment complex when you clearly can't run how the parking should work.
The amenities are great and the apartments are very nice and spacious, we often get compliments from our visitors.
The staff and management are incredibly helpful and genuinely care about the residents.
The maintenance crew is prompt and helps with regular upkeep such as changing lightbulbs and air filters.
The location is great, with easy access to mill ave and old town scottsdale.
I highly recommend camden to any apartment seekers!
I live across the street from it and eat meals there on occasion because it's convenient.
Essentially, it's a way to make sure that they will always make a profit.
Last year they seemed to make an effort to offer "specialty" bars every day when students started complaining.
This year it's down to once or twice a week.
I've been less than satisfied.
But seriously, $7 for a plate of bland, deep fried meat and some steamed vegetables is not worth it.
If i could give this place less than 1 star i would.
Absolutely the worst apartment complex built in the university area.
The crime rate is increasing within the apartment community, stay away!
The stolen car and break-in incidents are becoming a trend and are happening almost on daily basis now.
The lack of responsiveness from the apartment management indicates that they simply do not care.
The only thing that has been offered as a solution so far is some 'safety meeting'.
The quality of service is also deteriorating: 1.
The  maintenance/service requests are taking longer and longer to close out.
The valet waste service, which you pay $30+/month for, is not provided on fridays and saturdays.
Keep in mind that you pay additional $30+ dollars on top of the valet waste charge for waste removal.
So in short, you are paying a total of $60+ dollars in waste removal on top of your rent.
The high apartment management turn over is a bad sign.
There seems to be a new manager every month.
This does not give the new-hires to build a working relationship with the tenants or vice versa.
The grounds are not maintained very well.
On top of the rent, waste removal, pest control fees, service charges, you will pay $80+ dollars in water/sewage fees.
My friend owns a house and his charges are about that much.
Just does not make sense.
Recently, they have increased rent and added parking charges.
No advance notice was provided neither these additional charges are justified given the critical crime issues in the apartment community.
It may not be the same the next morning.
Please do your research and spend your money elsewhere.
I have rented many apartments in the past and this is by far the worst.
Could not be more dissatisfied with my experience at montego bay.
I have zero complaints during my time at camden.
The apartment itself was full of high quality everything!
The kitchen appliances were great - double door fridge with water and ice dispenser, gas stove, etc.
Both the kitchen and bathrooms are spacious with beautiful granite countertops and wood cabinets.
The walk in closets were great and the hall closet for added storage is a bonus.
The amenities are well-kept and clean.
The pool is great with cabanas and everyone in the community is friendly and neighborly.
The gym was also well equipped.
We also had an on-site storage unit that was so convenient and parked in the on-site garage below our unit.
The community is also gated with security.
Finally - i can't say enough about the staff of camden sotelo.
They were always prompt, friendly, genuine, and happy to help.
We also had great experiences with alpha who worked with us on renewing our lease.
I highly recommend this property to anyone living in the tempe area - you won't be disappointed.
I am sad to leave and fear that nothing can compare to this again!
This place is a wonderful community!
The location is great, and the apartments are beautiful...adam and justin are always so helpful!
I definitely recommend living here!
The neighborhood is nice and its quiet.
Moving in was easy and the front office employee's are really great and have all been very helpful.
(: i would recommend this complex to any of my friends and family!
This hostel is adequate.
The staff is nice and helpful when you need them.
I stayed in early august.
It was very humid and the staff provided fans for use in the rooms to make the humidity more bearable.
The common areas have something to be desired.
It's not much of a space to promote meeting people or making friends.
It's not impossible but it's not as good as other places.
The facility is neat but not very clean for the most part.
There was a lot of dust in the room.
The bathrooms had mold in the showers.
Showers are also very small.
Everything seemed to have a bit of a grimy feel.
Lockers in the rooms were very small.
Definitely not big enough to fit a backpack.
Maybe only a toiletries bag but you still need to bring your own lock.
I absolutely love living here!!!
It feels like home (i'm originally from ny and here for work).
During my leasing process the entire leasing office assisted me at some point, everyone was so nice and accommodating.
To this day, they still are super friendly and always go above and beyond .
It's really like one big family here, someone is always asking if you need help.
Since i've moved here i feel like i've gotten to experience a better quality of life.
The leasing office also assisted in my search for a sitter, as a single mom i'm truly grateful for them.
The complex is loud and seems to be mismanaged.
Sleep, security and safety is #1.
I noticed another parent on yelp that is not happy either....
Her neighbors should have been evicted.
They have all been unbelievably helpful  with all move-in questions and making sure everything is perfect for us.
I am so excited that i chose to live here.
My husband and i are downsizing and this place is perfect for us!
There are tons of amenities and the grounds are super nice.
We've been working with rachael who has been amazing, helpful and accommodating.
We're excited to move in!
Pros: so we moved here about two months ago, downgraded from a house strictly for the amenities.
Amenities are great always open and available to you.
The apartment itself is nicely modeled space wise.
Office staff have been friendly throughout the whole moving process.
Trash pickup at your door is great very convenient especially in these hot months.
Biggest issue we have had so far is by far the noise level.
We waited months for a first floor apartment and we got one.
But you hear everything!
The people upstairs turning on the shower to them getting up out of a chair.
If you don't want to here people you will probably need to live on the 3rd floor.
I'm just listing our most debilitating concerns.
Hope this review helps you decide:)
Best apartment complex in tempe hands down.
Yes it is pricy, but you get what you pay for.
The units are beautiful, the grounds are well maintained, the maintenance staff is prompt and very friendly.
I also was very pleasantly surprised to receive my whole deposit back after moving out.
Seriously, i have nothing bad to say at all about this place.
I would recommend camden sotelo very highly to anyone!
Camden sotelo is a fantastic place to live at.
Management is attentive and helpful, the community is thriving and friendly.
A highlight of this community is justin the maintenance manager.
Justin has been helpful since i moved in over a year ago, great guy !
The staff does nothing but treat us with the highest respect and friendliness!
The floor plans are gigantic and clean for the most part.
I'm just blown away by this place.
Don't ever move into this place.
They have horrible customer service and gave me nothing but problems.
It is might near impossible to get in contact with anyone in charge here.
They don't even follow the rules they write in their own lease.
Very unprofessional place and none of them know how to run a business.
Not to mention, it's always so noisy here and the dumpsters are always overflowing with trash.
Do not move in here you will regret it!
I have lived at the domain now for the past 2 years and just recently renewed for a third year.
My favorite aspect the domain has to offer is their bundled, all utilities included, monthly rent.
Also, the included amenities like the gym, pool, rooftop lounge and free tanning make living here that much more enjoyable.
I have lived here 3 years now without a car and it has never been an issue.
Also, there's all new staff on board who are extremely accommodating and helpful if you have any questions or concerns.
Love love love living here.
I'm a parent and my daughter insisted on living here with friends.
Two broke their lease to escape this place and the last 2 will leave as soon as possible.
It's old, appliances are impossibly cheap and everything keeps breaking.
And, they fine the kids for everything they can.
One handy-man told them they will probably get fined because their crappy appliances keep breaking.
I would only consider this place if every other apartment in charlotte is full.
This is the worst place to live.
Went to them for advice after my roommate left unannounced and they flat out said not their problem.
Then the roommate who left called and said i had unapproved people living there.
So they gave me a 10 eviction notice without even knocking to verify if anyone was living there.
Now i have a 5300 collection from this corrupt place.
Oh yeah and if you don't attend the community activities they will treat you even worse.
Don't rent from them!!
This is a piss poor place to live.
What they say the rent is isn't actually what you'll pay.
From all the fees and everything my rent is 100 more than advertised.
Cops always on property.
Do yourself a favor and move elsewhere this place is garbage.
I can't wait to leave this place and have even contemplated breaking the lease to just move
The most i can give this place is 2 stars.
The staff is friendly and welcoming so i have no complaints there.
The room i stayed in was basic but clean with a bed, a desk and some hangers off a rod.
There was no ac and on the 15th floor and it was pretty muggy when i walked in.
But the shared bathroom was claustrophobic.
I'm pretty sure this is a college dorm for a lot of students which is fine.
The place looks nice enough when you tour, and they do a great job on the events they host.
Parents and students, please avoid illini tower, avoid campus living villages properties, so you will avoid trouble and unhappiness ahead.
Not to mention canned food, dirty rooms which other people already mentioned.
My daughter and her 3 roommates also had to work on the toilet every time it was used.
The worst part is illini tower managers only care about money.
She said there is no referral at all.
I thought maybe the advertisement i just saw was expired.
But later when i went back on their website, the $100 referral ad was still there!
I didn't bother to ask again.
After paying the processing fee, she asked for $350 nonrefundable fee.
To date, i still don't know what that was for.
These don't prompt me to writing a review until they forced me to pay hidden preexisting damages.
A couple of weeks before the school ended, one girl moved a sofa looking for her stuff.
She saw a fingertip sized dent on the wall behind the sofa.
She reported to the building maintenance right away.
Two months after school finished everyone received $25 damage charge.
$25 is nothing but i think i need to stand up against this greedy company and its employees.
There was no way that the girls damaged the wall behind the sofa while everywhere else was all right.
They argued that the contract we signed requiring us to check preexisting damages before moving in.
I told them the damage was behind the sofa.
The contract doesn't say we need to move sofa, beds, cabinets and other furniture to inspect.
Will anyone move the furniture to inspect the preexisting damage?
They charged the students excessively for the poor job they did when the previous residents moved out.
Illini tower (campus living villages) and byl collection services are working together.
Do not move in here!!!
These apartments are a joke!!!
I never had a pet ....
This is the first time i've every written a review, everrrr.
And let me tell you, this is by far the most terrible place to live.
May look nice, but very cheap renovations.
I'm so happy that out of there, but still today this place is giving me hell.
I have a list for days with these apartments.
When i was living there they had a really bad (red) ant problem that was in my babies room.
Second, there turn around time with maintenance sucked.
I remember when the day i got my keys, none of my outlets in my living area didn't work.
Well just recently i looked at my credit report and i'm in collections for nearly $1400.
More of lack of someone coming to help fix things.
And to be honest there was very little damages that i have done!
Left a voicemail for an assistant manager, no call back.
Then called again, claimed they were at lunch.
Point is, do not move here!
Unless you like, insects, unprofessional staff, and shitty quality everything.
Moved here a year and 6 months ago from our apartment in scottsdale.
It's the perfect location next to the 202.
Very convenient for my work and my wife's.
I feel like im on vacation when laying by the pool.
There is always complimentary water and starbucks coffee (not that keurig crap).
At night we simply put or trashcan outside our door and a trash service comes to pick it up.
The staff is hands down the best!
Front office gets an a and even an a+ when albert is running the place.
Adam and justin fix and handle just about everything.
They are always friendly!
My dog likes them both.
Lol   i would recommend this community to anyone looking for an upscale, safe place to live.
I kinda like it here but it's not worth it.
I'm trying not to be harsh but these are the things that have happened since i've been here.
The pool is closed most of the time when it was part of the amenities when i moved in.
The re-painting of the apartment was horrible with paint all over the door trim and windows throughout the apartment.
There is no molding around the carpeting giving this apartment a cheap appearance.
I was told i'd get a free carpet cleaning upon renewing my lease, that has not happened.
There is a horrid smell coming from the drains which is now giving me a bad cough.
The odor is coming from the closet most heavily on occasion.
I'm quite sure the "popcorn" ceiling contains asbestos in an apartment this old.
The stove still does not work either.
Electricity is not cheap!
It has great potential to be a paradise in henderson, but the staff is not at all making that happen.
I'm looking for a new place to live now, and i can't wait to leave.
I cannot renew my release here.
I'll be turning in my letter in regards to this soon.
I do hope this helps you.
This is a great place to call home!
The maintenance and office staffs are always friendly and quick to respond to any issues.
They find out the best solutions from the residents' point of view.
I had a great time living with this community!
I have had the privilege of living at liv northgate and working there.
I no longer work there as i had to relocate for my family.
They have the best team i've ever worked with in my 10 years in the industry.
The company has gone through so much to make sure they have the best amenities and activity calendar.
I have personally walked with the owner and given suggestions that were taken and put in place.
Because it was the best for the residents.
My home was spacious and my children loved all the amenities.
Additionally, with all the activities i've made life long friends.
Most likely liv northgate.
Also, for the comment about them being racist.
I can only laugh.
I'm a hispanic single mom and was taken great care of and never encountered anything of that nature.
Sometimes people are happy in their positions and chose not to be promoted.
Do not, under any circumstances, book a room in this godawful hellhole.
The staff are incredibly rude, uptight and condescending.
Good luck getting clean in a shower and bathroom constructed from pure filth.
Everywhere you look, something is peeling, crumbling, coated with grime or giving you attitude.
*if i could've given this dump 0 stars, i would have.
My home for almost two years now.
There are ups and downs with any place that you live but this place is overall awesome.
A few things people should consider before signing a lease: 1. yes, the property looks fantastic.
Unless you are caucasian, don't expect to be treated properly.
The staff is not as friendly either.
7. they don't screen the tenants thoroughly so the people living at this property are ghetto.
I thought because the location was quiet, we would have peace and quiet.... so not true.
These tenants constantly have visitors (and by that, i mean groups of people) and some stay up through  the night.
8. construction was so poorly done - absolutely no sound proofing throughout, cracks and holes all through the unit.
9. every night, there is an awful cow poop smell that prevents anyone from opening their windows overnight.
10. the front pond area water smells awful as well.
We would not recommend this apartment complex, but beware of moisture and water damage if you rent #2022.
I have lived at liv northgate gilbert going on three years.
This property has the most amazing amenities and events that any complex could offer.
The maintenance staff is right on top of things.
The new office staff is fantastic.
It is a family friendly atmosphere where you can feel at home if you're 21 or 91.
I recently moved to camden sotelo in may.
So far it has been a great experience.
You can tell amanda and albert really care about the community.
Amanda and albert act very swiftly when things need to get done.
Just moved in 2/3.
Love it so far, especially after dealing with some horrible leasing consultants in other communities.
Analicia is on top of it!
She made the entire process so easy.
She's super sweet and sincere, and makes it clear that good property management makes all the difference when apartment hunting.
The property itself is very well maintained.
I just helped my son and his girlfriend move from houston to camden sotelo in tempe.
What a beautiful apartment community!
The fitness center will work just fine when you can't make it to the local la fitness.
The pool and grill area is beautiful...resort like.
The apartments are ridiculously spacious!
My son and his girlfriend's 2 bedroom apartment is just shy of 1500 square feet!
To top that off, they have 2 reserved, underground parking spots.
The leasing staff and maintenance staff were very friendly and accommodating.
They really took great care of my kids.
Thank you miranda, liz, and justin!
Where do i begin?!
We moved here last september from kc and were so worried about finding a good place to live.
We have a son and pets and really wanted to make sure the place we picked was accommodating to both.
We looked at 10 apartment complexes all around gilbert and we couldn't stop thinking about liv!
We have been here a year and absolutely love it!
The community and office staff is amazing!
The office truly tries to get to know you and cares!
Katie has really turned the office around for the better!
She is caring and compassionate and really wants what's best for her residents!
The happy hours, food trucks, pool parties, etc have made us meet some really awesome people!
My husband is getting transferred for a job and we are so sad to leave liv!
You will not regret moving in here!
It's a shame that can't give negative stars.
Starting from basement, ceiling drops disgusting stuff on your car 24/7.
In the laundry room, three out of six driers are usual broken.
Food is terrible and meal plans are extremely expensive and worthless.
Internet is down at least once a week!
Walls are think as the fk, i promise you can hear everything next door!
Don't live here please!
Please be aware that the rent price does not include numerous small charges and fees.
Ripoff is my best description to this apartment complex.
Living at it was horrible.
Bad food, terrible phony management.
All of the cafeteria staff quit in 2012, and they started forcing ras to work in the cafeteria unpaid.
The management is just abusive to their staff.
Do not live here.
Midway through winter break i get an email telling me two strange girls are moving in.
They do not consult you about roommate matching if you don't specifically request one.
Terrible company bed bug infested!!!
The pest control company couldnt even figure there was bed bugs by looking at the welts and all the signs!
I had to catch one and he still didnt looke just accepted it!
This is a dump!
Only good for leaving trash!
I was not approved for the apt.
I've lived here a few years now.
By far, the office staff and maintenance is the worst thing about this place.
Work requests take weeks, and usually aren't done correctly.
If you can even reach an office staff, they are rude.
I strongly suggest not getting trapped in a lease here.
Go to one of the surrounding properties or rent a house.
They charge so much here, you could find a house for the same price, easy.
**added entry october 2017** they have changed management and it's even worse.
Do not move here!
The absolute worst place i have ever had to deal with.
I am a former leasing agent an i was appalled at the lack of professionalism.
The staff fails to update you on applications nor do they return emails/phone calls or any communication whatsoever.
My fiancé and i submitted our application and left.
Days went by with no follow up, not even to ask for payment on the application fees.
We called, left messages and emails with no return.
My fiancé finally speaks to a manager from a sister property who answered the phone with only "yes?".
We never moved in and i'm glad.
Stay far away from this place.
The people did a terrible part at matching us up with someone.
The manager takes her sweet time to reply to you since shes never in the building!!!
Always claiming she's busy.
Do not live here.
Do not live here.
Do not live here.
Horrible management, major construction all the fucking time, horrible roommate choosing, it's all bad!
If you sign a lease here, good luck to you.
Don't say you weren't warned!
If i could give them 0 stars, i would.
Lexi at the leasing office was incredibly rude.
Its a shame that the leasing staff does not live up to the quality of the property.
I'll give the pros and the con's because it's very easy to simply post complaints when we're dissatisfied.
Overall the  apartment was 'ok'.
Maintenance here is a nightmare.
I've had over 15 orders in just under 8 weeks....
It's takes them 2-3 times to get it right.
The apartments are old.
The tubs are old.
Compared to camden communities these apartments are way over priced.
Also, the upper units are very difficult to cool.
My first light bill was $363 i almost died.
The ac units are old and don't push out the air with any force.
The living room never gets cool.
I had to put my electric bill on level pay plan to afford it.
**update i am ending my lease.
This has been the most terrible experience ever.
The staff has been really great to work with.
I haven't experienced any rudeness.
I think they are limited to what the company gives them to work with.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Be kind and they will try and work with u.
The ground are kept beautifully and it's always quiet considering it's summertime.
I love the area and i've never seen anyone hanging out but i live in the front...
Overall, i won't renew my lease and will look for a house since i'm paying house prices now.
I think montego bay has the potential to be 5 stars with some minor adjustments.
Here is an email my daughter sent to monika, leasing office: btw, no reply!
Security was completely unhelpful and directed me to the towing company signage.
I called the towing company, who was unable to verify my car was there.
I called strategic again and told them it is there and to look again.
I cannot pay this!
I cannot get a ride during business hours!
My friends have jobs!
My car was parked on the 2nd floor of the parking garage.
I have been notified via e-mail by alexis brown that resident parking is on the 2nd and 3rd floors.
I have a parking permit in my window that was issued to me last fall.
Why was my car towed?
My roommate, x, notified me her car was also towed because she was on the first floor (guest parking).
They then towed her car without any warning.
Makes no sense... until she told me your head of security here is also the tow truck driver?
So he is making a buck on us all twice!?
X sister, y, was able to get into our locked apartment while x was in california.
X and her sister are not on good terms.
X came home to pizza boxes and coors light cans in our apartment?!
This is the second police report for breaking and entering our apartment within a month!!
I am literally scared for not only the security of my possessions, but my personal safety!
This girl now has access to our apartment and z's room!?
This girl was one of her accomplices in the vandalism of b's room (3rd roommate).
She is a main suspect for my missing money and kitchen-ware.
Just because he's on the asu football team, and whoever he's close with has this power!?
Why can't i get out of this prison??!
X told me they knocked once and walked in.
We are not always dressed for strange company in our own apartment.
She had no pants on!!
Talk about sexual harassment!
I have expressed my concern on this issued to alexis brown in the past.
When did this arrangement go by the way-side??
We highly value our  personal privacy in our own apartment!!
I need to be released from my lease at the domain.
What does it take?
This place is ridiculous!
I will be sure to share my experiences with fellow students looking for housing!!
Imagine the fear when she walked out to go to class and find her car missing.
I will be glad when she moves out of this disappointing managed student complex.
Do all of yourselves a favor, and find another complex for your child to live in.
There are plenty of new complexes being built that would be worth paying more to live in.
The reserve at stone hollow is an excellent community to live in!
We love the location in north charlotte!
It's conveniently located minutes from both i-77 and i-85.
It is also located half a mile from concord mills mall with access to great shopping and restaurants.
However, we love our privacy, too.
The reserve offers just that.
It is a quiet residential community surrounded by beautiful trees.
You would never know that you're in the "city" of charlotte!
Most residents are young adult professionals (non-college students), which makes for an even quieter, respectful community.
The surrounding neighborhood is quiet, too, and has a great trail for running or walking our dog.
The reserve is also pet-friendly, and we absolutely love this aspect!
A dog park recently opened up at the reserve, and our pup loves to play with her neighbor dogs!
The gym is small, but rarely crowded; and the pool and grilling station is a lovely, relaxing amenity as well.
Both the office staff and maintenance staff are super friendly and somehow they know every resident by name!
We have lived here for more than a year and plan to stay for a while.
I would recommend the reserve at stone hollow to anyone who's looking for a quiet, private, residential community.
Overall, we had nothing negative to say about this complex except for the small parking spaces.
Recently, we discovered my daughter had to move out of her apartment by noon on monday, august 1st.
Her finals are scheduled at the end of this week.
The apartment management's response is to find a friend's sofa to sleep on or book a hotel.
I'll preface this by saying i have never written a negative review for any establishment.
I have attempted to tour camden sotelo twice in the last week.
She did not call or email me letting me know not to come.
Rather, i drove an hour to see an apartment that wasn't available.
This time, she told me the apartment had already been rented.
And once again, no call, email, or any other communication to let me know.
Lexi was rather rude and never offered an apology for wasting hours of my time.
I was paying for pest control but still had little spiders everywhere and the occasional cockroach ....
They treat me with respect and are always friendly and helpful.
The maintenance staff are first-class and efficient and timely!
Professional and hard working and actually care!
Even when they are doing other things, they always say hi to me if i see them.
The events and neighbors are always awesome!
I love that everyone here is so friendly and chill and have a mutual respect for each other.
The pool, gym and clubhouse are fun and awesome to hang out in!
I love the location of this place, right near a bunch of shopping places and stores.
My apartment has all the things you would expect, excellent flooring and countertops, etc.
I love that internet and cable tv are included in the rent!
Thank you liv for a good life!
Camden sotelo is an awesome property with a friendly, attentive, outstanding staff!
The buildings are constructed very well and i love the property layout.
The property is just big enough but also not so large that it feels like a maize.
The provided underground parking garage and security of the complex are also great.
You simply can't beat the location of camden sotelo!
It's also situated near papago mountain/park, the phoenix zoo, and desert botanical gardens.
It's also situated right off of the 202 highway which is very convenient.
Everyone is friendly and it has a nice community feel to it.
Our experiences with all staff have been great and they are friendly, approachable, and professional.
Anytime i've made a request it's been processed within 24-hours.
We love camden sotelo and it's definitely a property to check out!
Please read all of this!!!
This place is negligent and unacceptable.
They've "misplaced" my rent payments a few times resulting in huge fees.
The neighborhood is ridiculously loud.
I guarantee there is mold.
So now i'm not allowed to use my stove to its capacity.
They don't take anything seriously or think anything is important enough to get off their asses.
I have lived in many complexes and liv is by far the best complex in gilbert!
I feel safe and welcome in this community.
From the maintance to the leasing office i have never met more genuine people who really care about me.
Do yourself a favor and live here i promise you won't regret it!
The flats has to be the absolute worst place you could choose to live.
The grounds are not clean, stains and trash everywhere you look.
The pool is murky and green most of the time with trash even floating in it on occasions.
It is 90 degrees in june for me right now and they still won't let us swim in the pool.
Meanwhile my ac has been broken for two days so i am as hot as you can possibly be.
Please, do not give these people your money.
I can almost guarantee you will regret it if you do.
I arrived to friendly analicia diaz whom greeted me right away.
I walked into resident brunch that analicia was hosting with bagel/cream cheese chatting with residents.
We chatted for bit and off to see the 1 bedroom apartment.
You can tell they have good maintenance staff and underground parking comes with your apartment!
I was shocked by gas stove(rare find in apartments), side/side fridge(with water dispenser) and full size washer/dryer inside the unit.
Pool area has every luxury that you could think of with grills, cabana to hang out by pool and fireplace.
It's safe to say i have found my next apartment home!
I can not wait until my current lease is up.
I'm going to go over both the pros and cons of these apartments.
I'll start with the positive side of things.
It's in a great location, and by that i mean it's convenient to i-85, walmart, fast food, and shopping etc.
If you have dogs they seem to be a very dog friendly community, more so than kids at times.
Management and staff are friendly and helpful for the most part.
Never had any issues with them personally.
The apartments also offer a nice pool area that was recently updated.
On to the negatives.
Next is the apartment complex across the street which does house some section 8 living.
I wish i had known this before moving here, but being new to the area i've learned my lesson.
Also sometimes the loud rap music at late hours gets kind of annoying, but you get what you pay for.
Fortunately the cops caught the kids in the act and they were arrested, but others haven't been so lucky.
First, i must say that we have awesome neighbors!
The apartment was clean before we moved in.
Parking is a problem if you have more than one vehicle in the family.
The rent includes trash & recycling service at your door.
Wifii is a problem!
I complained about their wifii being spotty, megan's response was that no one has ever complained.
Oops, i have spoken with neighbors!!!
They are experiencing the same problem.
My fab to open the gates not working.
This is an ongoing problem for over a week!
Megan told me that my fab should open the big gates.
She comes up with a good story.
I must say she is friendly however, i don't think i will refer this place to anyone.
Noise is also an issue - the units clearly haven't been properly soundproofed.
In addition, airplanes fly right above the apartments and are something you'll be hearing every day.
If you call in a complaint, the response is simply "we'll look into it" and nothing ever materializes.
I thought it was perfect until i was robbed at 4:50 in the afternoon my first week moved in.
He told my boyfriend and i to get out or he'd shoot us.
I have much reason to believe he lives in the complex.
My neighbor in the next building said they saw him lurking around my apartment with no suitcase.
The police investigated but did not find him or my $30,000 worth of belongings.
I would have been fine with staying at montego bay if this situation was handled properly.
But this has been such a horrible experience.
Maintenance came and drillied the frame back on.
Maintenance said it was secure because he put longer screws in but it definitely did not feel secure to me.
Ms. jackson was not helpful, concerned, and acted as though this was not a priority.
There is much more i could go on about but the way this was handled by montego bay was unacceptable.
I do not recommend living here.
I wish they could have had better customer service so i did not feel so uneasy.
Don't do it !!!
The manager was never available and no one returned my messages.
I saw they were still selling reefs online she then explained that there website was broken and displaying false information.
After six weeks and filing a complaint with the bbb i received some of money back.
The age old axiom of "you get what you pay for" somewhat sums up the experience.
It's not bad really but it's not good either.
I think that's pretty much it.
No tv; any entertainment you're looking for will be better found amongst the drunk folk on the street below.
If you're staying there in the summer, then you're probably going to be miserable because there isn't any air conditioning.
This place is disgusting and the management is even worse.
It took them a week to fix my air during the summer.
The year that i lived here the pools were never open.
The last 6 months the gym was closed.
But yet i was still paying for these amenities.
And after speaking to neighbors the pools were never open in the years that they were there.
Then they made you pay for a trash service that was not optional.
Instead of walking 10 feet to throw away my trash i had to leave it on my doorstep.
Even after speaking with the office they basically said i still had to pay for it.
Whenever you try and call the office no one answers the phone.
And don't bother leaving a voicemail because they won't call you back.
Another incident that happened was a car drove through  the fence in front of my apartment.
For about two months the fence was broken laying on the floor with sharp edges.
Apparently they don't care about the safety of their tenants.
Then after breaking my lease early due to me being in the hospital and not working.
They also charged me to replace the carpet when in fact they remodeled the apartment and put in tile.
Not to mention i replaced them all a month before i left.
One of my mail keys didn't work either.
It didn't match my other key.
They told me they're just old keys.
So someone out there probably had access to my mail box.
Also my neighbor stole my package.
I had proof thy stole it.
They did not care.
You're paying for pest control when they never sprayed once.
Save your money and move somewhere else.
Strongly recommend living elsewhere!!
The place is seriously run by a bunch of incompetent unprofessional teenagers over here.
Also the internet is slower than crap.
I couldn't believe the idiocy of her reply....i then asked, "do you understand that i am trapped in the elevator?!?!"
She then proceeded to ask in an annoyed tone what i wanted her to do about it.
Again, bunch of incompetent teens working here.
Do not live here.
Way expensive and poorly run, you can find a place just as nice if not nicer for the same price.
Im paying $750.00 a month for 10 months, not worth it.
They got nice rooms, and they're close to the lightrail but that's it for pros.
The list goes on for cons..
It seems that the new management group is on the same track.
Are you kidding me?
They also said this was a "good neighborhood".
This is just a prime example of the continued difficulty living here.
Camden sotelo has hit it.
(btw, third yelp page too since i've lived here-see how long this one lasts)
My daughter moved-in yesterday (early move-in) thank to shelby craft.
It was wonderful moving in early, no lines, very efficient process and no problems using elevator.
They even had a moving cart, so it was a breeze.
Thanks shelby for all your help allowing my daughter to move in early!
My middle child also lived at 309 when it was practically brand new.
The apartment shows some signs of aging, so that's why i didn't give it a perfect 5 star rating.
Not a good place to live at all.
The staff is only nice until you sign the lease.
They nickel and dime you on everything.
The grounds are not well maintained and getting worse everyday.
I had a water leak issue and it took almost a full day for maintenance to respond.
Any apartment that isn't on the top floor will hear every step from above them louder than you can imagine.
When we left we were never notified of our final fee until it was sent to a collection agency.
I paid my total balance and was still reported to all 3 credit bureaus.
I am in the process of obtaining legal counsel, so unfortunately i am not done with liv just yet.
This community is very unreliable.
They have had many yelp pages and continue to create new yelp pages.
I had neighbors complain about roaches in their apartments and ask me if i had any.
Though in my experience it has been relatively bug free (but then again i'm neater than most).
Appliances are constantly breaking and i'm not home to have maintenance come help.
I do it myself because i'm handy and know how to.
Maintenance can come when i'm not home.
However there was a security risk during the time i lived here due to robberies.
(from what i heard) in general i don't like people in my house when i'm not there.
There was a security meeting with the police to better ensure our safety and code changes on the community gate.
Although there have been so many problems with the gate and constant maintenance.
The walls are thin!
I could hear everything around me.
My neighbor whenever she uses her cutting board in the kitchen i can hear it.
The tenant that was above me with his large dog i could hear them run around the apartment constantly.
I could hear his phone on vibrate when it was on his night stand!
There is always noise coming from the park across the street and cars driving at night that you can hear.
The plumbing was not done by a professional in my opinion.
Whenever i turn on the air conditioning loud gurgling noises come from my bathroom sink.
The appliances may look fancy, but they seem to have poor quality except the kitchen.
The kitchen is amazing.
The kitchen is the only reason i like this place.
My boyfriend is a brilliant chef and he loves the kitchen.
In general the floor plan is incredibly spacious.
Management is irritating to deal with.
That was the last straw for me.
I was planning on staying in this community for 3 more years.
I don't' have proof of it because i never reported anything.
Overall i am very indifferent to this place.
There were some good things and bad.
Which is the main reason i wanted to live here.
I was so excited about this place.
I really liked the staff and amenities... though i certainly paid for jt.
Moving out went seamlessly... until i was out.
It is weird how they went from great to complete lacking overnight.
I would recommend looking elsewhere!
Lowering review yet again after multiple vehicle break-ins and even a vehicle being stolen from the garage.
"we will up another community crime watch meeting"!
No consideration of increased security patrols, adding surveillance cameras, or any other measures.
When i moved in at liv northgate, i was over the moon about my new apartment.
It was beautiful, and i was excited about all the amenities and space.
What i wish i knew then is that i was walking into a trap.
It turns out, we were told a lie.
Over two weeks after moving out (and on valentine's day, no less!
), we were sent a bill from liv for over $375!
The bill included a mysterious charge for "excessive bathroom door cleaning" and a massive charge for carpet replacement.
Obviously, we were very upset, and could not understand why they would replace the carpet.
There wasn't a spot on it.
We scheduled a meeting with deanne, the front-office manager and mark the maintenance supervisor.
What a spectacular waste of time.
They could not provide any evidence or verification.
The management did not dna test the urine to prove it was from our dog.
They said it went toward replacing the dog waste bags.
So, they knowingly did this with no warning to us.
Save your money and keep looking!
Leasing office was a nightmare.
Thank goodness we got out of our lease due to their fault.
Ac broke multiple times in the middle of july.
This place is awful.
The staff is rude, the rooms/apartment are cheap, and its always dirty.
I've been at this location for over a year and a half now and i have had zero problems.
The most consistent person here at camden has been justin.
He has always completed any work order i have placed within the day or the next day early morning.
We just moved in and my wife and i couldn't be more pleased with the employees and the property.
I had a box of school books delivered by ups to my apartment worth $420.00.
It was stolen right off of my front door.
I strongly do not recommend living at montego bay apartments.
We have lived at sotelo for almost three years.
I can not fit enough of our great experience here.
The complete staff are always willing to help in anyway they can.
Anytime we have had a small or bigger problem in our "home" justin was always on top of our issues.
We have so enjoyed living here.
Thank you so much laurie & joey acklen
This place is by far the best apartment i have ever lived in or even toured.
The amenities are unrivaled, the staff is top of its class and the overall sense of community is unparalleled.
The community events are awesome and really make you feel like part of the neighborhood.
The "hub" is the ultimate entertaining venue for parties of any size but the pools are a close second!
Overall i highly recommend this property and the liv organization as a whole.
Do not move here!
Do not move here!
Do not move here!
The domain at tempe is a prime example of something that could be nice but isn't because of management.
This is the poorest example of property management in all ways.
Maintenance, security, front desk, leasing, upper management are all terrible.
I hadn't had problems with them before because i am a quiet tenant and minded my own business.
Before calling the cops i decided to go to the office to see if it was towed.
The towing company said it would cost me $135.
I got the towing company address from the domain's front desk and called a taxi.
Turns out that they are located in glendale now.
So, $70 taxi ride later i arrive and get my car back.
After getting my car back i was still very angry that my car had been towed in the first place.
Why would you ever ever ever tow one of your residents cars?
Turns out that the security team doesn't even confer with the front office before they tow a car.
The office knew about it after the fact.
The domain hired this sh*t security company and wouldn't claim responsibility for their idiocy.
There is evidence that the head of the security team is getting kick backs each time a car gets towed.
I am not the only one that this has happened to.
The water in our building has been inconsistent for the last 2 months.
Even when it's running the shower is hardly a trickle.
Do not move here!do not move here!
Do not move here!
I have been living camden sotelo for around 10 months.
I have to say it is the best apt i've ever lived.
Alpha is always soooo nice and helpful.
She is the first reason i would like to stay with camden.
Whatever is broken, they are always able to fix it in a second (i swear, no more than 2 seconds).
I do admit the price is a little bit higher than average.
But it is worth every peny.
The valet waste is the pointless service of the community.
Cross your fingers every night for the garbage.
Very limited parking spots for visitors.
I barely invite my friends to my place.
They have to take the bus to my apt because there is no place to park!!
Security needs to be improved.
Based on how much all the residents pay for this community, i believe we deserve some cameras in the garage.
Office staff and maintenance are still excellent!
This place is the worst possible place you could ever live.
Do not move here.
The management obviously saw their yelp page and reported it closed.
This place is not closed.
This shit hole is still open and awful.
The management sucks and doesn't do anything to help their renters.
They never fix anything or replace it.
This office staff and company are so cheap.
They are rude and they will screw you over.
Also it looks trashy and ghetto as hell here.
I can't wait until my lease is over so i can move out.
Do not move here!
Sometimes there's issues with the water heating, so expect a cold shower every now and then.
Also, a lot of people have pets, so you'll see dog poop in the courtyards sometimes.
We moved into liv in 2015 when they had amazing staff in the office.
Which makes it so nice to live there.
That's half the reason why we ruined our lease for another year.
I would have given it 5 stars then....  2016 they slowly got new staff with lizzy whitman and rachel dekonty.
They were pretty rude and didn't care about the people who lived there at all.
Lizzy, nickel and dimed us when we moved out.
Silly things like that, they added anything they could find and wanted us to pay over $400 bucks.
We got it down to $200, but we were still very upset by it.
That's why we moved out.
But besides that, it's a beautiful place to live.
All the maintenance guys are awesome.
The community ( besides the office) is super friendly and nice!
And the apartments are very pretty!
From then on the water has been good.
They did a slight cosmetic remodel on the property and that helps add some curb appeal.
Things that i've consistently enjoyed include the gym and the grills.
The front office staff is cool and helpful, so that is always a plus.
Overall if you are an independent person who just would like cheaper off campus housing domain is your place.
Always pay on time and don't break rules to get fees and you should be fine.
The floors are thin here, but it's still nice to look at.
I complained and they did write the tenants a note, that didn't stop them.
I got no peace until they moved out.
Having my children awaken on saturday morning because of the loudest thumping, bumping and screaming match was hell-ish.
The downstairs neighbors had to endure the same on some scale from my apartments.
The sounds carries like a freight train here.
So i understood, but it was still quite rude of them to beat after a two year old.
I moved because i would not renew in this place where i had to endure such neighbors.
I moved out on 9/10 and on 9/11 i found out they reported me to the creditors for a balance.
What happened to giving people 30 days to clear out a balance.
I found out about it two weeks after i moved out and called to ask if there was a balance.
I was told that i needed to go through the collection agency, seriously?!?!
Who doesn't take a money order for the full balance in person?
I'm very sure the collection agency didn't pay full price for the debt.
I think they just wanted to hurt my credit to be honest.
They reported it way too fast, it's just unheard of.
Like, they went through assessed the damage and reported it the same day.
They are very nice to look at, but that's it.
And hopefully you don't have to encounter some of the rubbish going on across the street.
Only stay here if you have no other choice.
We cant wait for our lease to end.
Also left four voicemails.
Corporate didnt even return my call.
Still to this day and it's been 3 months.
This is almost always the case.
I recently left another voicemail and still have not heard back from them and it's been 4 days.
They are only concerned about getting the lease signed.
There was also a swat standoff here a few months ago that lasted about 5+ hours.
(over 100 cops and dozens of armed officers hiding in the playground taking aim etc.
It was about an accused rapist, which i heard he got evicted.
She also later got a call from corporate asking the same thing.
Lastly, they had to redo the front swimming pool deck.
I know delays can happen and it's unfortunate for all involved.
There was not one update by the community for the entire process.
This was for weeks.
To the investors of this community, good luck, unless you change almost everything about the management.
No apartments this nice should be vacant.
We know of apartments that have sat empty for 6-9 months.
Its because of your staff.
We are moving out as soon as we can.
At first, we enjoyed the property.
The pool is very nice as is the club house.
The actual apartment is very nice.
It is in a convenient location.
Unfortunately the property is located across the street from a lesser quality ( subsidized option) complex.
It draws an interesting crowd.
Many times you will see sketchy looking people roaming around the street in front of the complex.
It reminds me of an inner city street corner on some nights.
We did not realize this before choosing to live here.
There have been multiple car break ins, and a stolen vehicle in the parking lot.
There was also an armed attempted robbery.
The office only informed us of the car break ins- not of the other instances!
The good thing is fellow neighbors do have each others back and spread the news on things like this.
People from the neighboring complex also try to utilize our amenities because they don't have any.
Now we know why the management doesn't live here.
I am afraid going to/from my car at night!!!
Also- there is no assigned visitor parking, just "parking."
So visitors are always parked in the close spots, especially at night.
Very irritating when you're trying to carry things in from your car!!
Some people might be alright with that but i would definitely not recommend it to anybody.
Nice people at the front desk but overall bad vibes throughout the building.
Would not come back.
I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay in these apartments.
Because of this there are a lot of families and others that are looking for more affordable housing.
And i did have my car windows broken out a month after moving in... however, inner city street corner?
I don't think so.
I've lived in a few areas of charlotte that are full of drug dealers, addicts and prostitutes.
This area is nothing compared to what your going to deal with closer to the city.
This is a much better area for the price.
It's close to 85 and 485.
There are two harris teeters about the same distance from here.
Concord mills is within walking distance (1 mile) as are a few of the restaurants.
I also enjoy being able to pay my bill online.
I love these apartments and would certainly be staying if other responsibilities weren't calling me to move closer to family.
So sad to be leaving... highly recommending to anyone looking for a great community with outstanding staff!
Issues with bugs is constant maybe a deeper cleaning would be good.
Got these weird bug bites for a couple weeks when we first moved in.
The rooms didn't seem like they had been cleaned before i moved in.
The maintenance takes forever to fulfill a request.
The layouts of the apartments are nice and they do come furnished, which is nice.
The pros and cons balance when it comes to the domain.
We moved to az from the midwest.
Camden sotelo is in a really convenient location to so many restaurants, events, shopping etc.
We chose this apartment complex because of the amazing location and all their amenities.
The leasing agents are always friendly and the most helpful and knowledgeable that i've ever had.
And you can't deny how beautiful the apartments are.
I can't say it enough
Oh, if only yelp would allow me a zero!
Walls and cabinets get dinged, damaged, etc.
In our case, we had to also take a hit on the bedroom carpet.
Out daughter left a noticeable stain in her room.
As for $290 in "extensive cleaning" costs?
Our daughter spent 4 hrs cleaning her room and bedroom.
She's fastidious to a fault, and claims she left the room(s) at least as clean as she found them.
We believe her, based on our personal experience of seeing her bedroom/bathroom at home.
So, why are we waving you off sending your child/student here?
We got the bill in aug 11.
First e-mail, no response.
Two phone messages left to her office, both with no returned call.
Rude at best, lack of integrity at worst.
Clock advance to apr 12.
Nothing heard from ms larson nor the domain.
Thanks domain and ms larson!
That you can't return phone calls and e-mails is a credit to your unprofessionalism and underhanded ways.
I enjoyed my stay.
Liz in the office is super friendly and helpful!
The maintenance staff is friendly and always available.
The landscaping is beautiful and the complex is well kept.
The pool is nice and the gym is okay.
The apartments are clean and well maintained.
It's nice because they come with a washer and dryer.
It's conveniently located right outside of concord mills area.
It's a nice neighborhood other than the subsidized housing close by.
Could use a kid park.
The outstanding thing about this apartment complex is their customer service community manger, adam.
I am ultra sensitive to smells and it was too overbearing.
I have eczema pretty bad, so all the odors and dampness was an issue for me.
Adam was incredibly considerate and responsive to providing the best customer service.
I am giving 4 stars because there is no recycling.
It took them over a week to get me working mailbox keys.
And that's not even the worst part- they made a 'mistake' on my lease that they refuse to correct!
They will bait and switch you if you don't pore over every single word on every page!
I signed up for a 6 month lease, which the first two pages reflect.
At first they said "no problem, let me just get the manager and i'll call you".
They also are shady about utility billing- watch out for $50 arbitrary 'recovery fees' on your bill!
The pool is closed more often than not, and when i moved in they said the sauna was 'under repairs'.
The neighbor's dog uses my porch as his bathroom.
The office, again, said there's nothing they can do about this- it's up to me to deal with.
I can't wait to get out of here- no wonder they have to trick people into living here!
If i could give 0 stars i would.
These apartments are formerly known as university house and unlike the recent name change the issues still run rampant.
After going through 2 separate people who said it was 'resolved' she then was directed to the resident manager, kari.
She is by far one of the rudest, most inadequate, saddest excuse for a manager i have ever seen.
It's over priced and despite what they advertise it is not exclusive to student living so don't be fooled.
The building is already falling apart despite it being built only two years ago.
Updating this review for a few reasons.
I will say the staff is still incredible and the property is well maintained.
I happen to be unlucky enough to live next to a tenant who plays loud bass almost everyday.
Whether it be 7:30am or 4:00am... music is going...
I've complained to management and they do the usual send someone down to bug them about it.
The bass stops for a couple hours and starts back up.
After 5 complaints management really should be doing more than just sending maintenance to the tenant.
This is one of the last things i expected after moving in.
I personally pay $1400/mn for a 1 bedroom.
For that price in tempe i shouldn't be dealing with hearing my neighbors all day everyday.
There are some cheap aspects to the property and this is one of them.
Also don't forget airplanes fly right above your apartment and as i said... the units have not been sound proofed.
Long story short i ended up breaking my lease and this was a big factor as to why i did.
Side note: analicia is still one of the best customer service/ leasing consultants i've ever met.
I love it!..price is fair...all you can eat.
.im headed there now.
..and great customer service!
This is the first apartment complex we've ever lived in and we love it!
With all the amenities and activities for the residents there's always something to do!
I have an electric car and the free chargers are amazing, i've saved so much money thanks to them.
Happy to have called this place my home for almost 3 years!
The domain at tempe has been nothing but disappointments from the day we moved in.
While the rooms are nice enough, my main complaint is with the internet service.
In the process, the staff was friendly, but the office manager was rude and unresponsive to numerous e-mails.
Fast forward 3 months!
To when the "big upgrade" we had been hearing about was supposed to happen.
It took me 5 minutes to even load this page to write a review!
My personal router no longer works, so i am stuck with super slow speeds.
Pavlov media is the internet provider, and numerous calls to them have not resulting in any help either.
I don't know where to begin with blvd 98.
My most recent incident involved molding to a door and a damaged couch.
The cost they charged us was $570.
I paid it but asked for the couch that cost $470 to replace.
I'm going to attach photos of the small hole on the couch.
Was told the couch could not be given to me but destroyed.
Not given to low income families or habitat for humanity but destroyed.
The molding on the door cost $100.
Now we have rental property & anyone who does repairs knows it  does not cost that much for repair.
My daughter graduated in the fall but decided to join the military.
She gave her notice.
They claim they didn't receive it.
I had no way of proving it so i paid the total amount.
When i called to see why they didn't return her call i was told that they couldn't talk to her.
I'm asking the office manager why do you keep telling her you will call her back.
They assured me they are working with miscommunication issues in the office.
I also contacted the scion group who manages them was told i definitely get a call back.
No call back from scion group they had the office manager of blvd 98 to call me.
So don't expect any resolve by contacting the management group.
If you rent here.
I wish you the best.
Look at the pictures yourself & tell me if it's $570 worth of damage.
If one of their maintenance guys tore a couch putting it in the apartment would they throw it away.
I wouldn't give these assholes any stars.
It was an awful experience.
It was loud, tenants partied all the time.
Even on school nights!
It was not uncommon for me to up til 2-3 a.m. on a thursday night because of neighbors partying.
Oh and the sheriff's office is there every thursday to sunday.
The gym was poorly maintained, frat boys would leave the weights everywhere and break machines.
Also the hot tub was disgusting.
It was green and some idiots kept breaking it by putting soap in it.
Eventually they had to block it off and drain it.
Management was apathetic and rather stupid.
Then they try to charge for painting my room after i left.
$150 bucks for a room that was perfectly fine when i left.
These people are complete, incompetent idiots.
It's good as far as crazy expensive dirty drug dens go.
The halls smell like weed and if you have the right look you will be offered just about anything.
The lease rates are also a little stiff.
Month to month for 1100 ??
The main thing i wanted to have noted about the property is that many that work for camden live here.
You pay for what you get here.
Location and size of the units both are what sold me on living here.
Also, despite running into a few issues in the beginning, the staff addressed it all perfectly.
That gesture is what initially made me bring my wife back the same day and sign our lease.
Overall, this is a great place to be.
Thank you josh, gilbert, and alpha, cody, and thomas!
I have lived here since nov. things have just gone downhill   pros: great people you meet there.
Do not live here regardless of how attractive the deals are.
Very shady business practices.
They charge you extra for a parking garage that is halfway secure/always broken.
Charge you for damage done by previous residents.
Any negative reviews you read about on here, google, or other sites are true.
Please allow me to express how blessed i am to live within this paradise called liv northgate.
The fantastic office staff is second to none and are always friendly, outgoing and willing to help.
The outstanding maintenance team members are professional, courteous and efficient.
They are consistently at the ready to get things done.
Other types of outings that are available: hiking, bowling and top golf to mention a few.
Thank you liv for a wonderful place to live life.
This property is slum lord rated.
Deserves zero stars... 1.
When my daughter moved in, the walls were dirty, walls not painted, her carpet was disgusting!
It was filthy and has the last tenants long nasty hair all imbedded in the carpet!
I wanted to vomit!
Then tiffany proceeded to call my daughter weeks later and tell her her rent hadn't been paid!
The balls of that woman!
Tiffany wasnt very smart either bc she endorsed and signed the checks w her name!
3. after we cleaned the apartment (5of us), the place was pristine!
You have no idea how you are messing with domain of tempe you suck!
4.civil court here you come
I moved to this community in late july 2011.
From the moment i signed my lease i have had nothing but horrible experiences.
Once i finally received the keys to my apartment, i was horrified at the poor condition it was in.
Within my first week of living there, my building had no water.
Eventually the water came back on but there has been an ongoing issue with hot water since my move.
Work orders hardly ever get any attention.
The staff is rude and almost never answer the phones.
The manager, sue d. is never any help.
The hallways smell and there is always something hanging off the wall or wrongfully placed.
The noise is also an issue.
The walls are so thin you can here your neighbor flush the toilet!
For a month the person living above me woke me up every morning before 8 am blasting music.
Once they realized we were on to their scam, they hung up and began to no longer answer our calls.
If you are looking for an apartment, do not live here!
I wouldn't wish this experience on my worst enemy.
I feel like the day i signed my lease was the day i signed my rights away to the devil.
I have mixed reviews about this place, which is reflected on the multiple yelp pages they keep creating.
This management is incompetent and incapable of running the apartment complex.
These two literally run the complex as if it were a sorority or fraternity.
I didn't know that these cards took precedence over the forms of communication indicated on the lease.
Here is another example.
My lease ends friday.
Are they planning on evicting me 2 days before my lease ends?
I guess we'll find out.
I will update on how that goes, because given the last year, i don't anticipate on a smooth transition.
Can't seem to get anything right.
Wakes you up at odd hours with loud music.
Toilet from next room flooded into my room.
Started construction at 6 am during week of finals.
Horrible place to live.
Cute girls working there, next time i shall have her party with me !
Thought it was a hotel turns out to be a dorm !!
Anyhow the guy upgraded me to a much  bigger dorm space.. great for the money & location !!
Comfort level.. booo.. needs at least ac & wifi in the rooms !
We are getting ready to sign a new lease for a 5th year.
We are happy with all aspects of living here.
Living here satisfies our needs and wants.
We are happy with the construction,  all windows are low e and reflects the electric bill.
I have never had a high electric bill considering our summers.
The water bill here is negligible.
Many things are included in rent so living other places would actually be more expensive.
It's because of the friendships that were made.
It is easy to build relationships here because of how management promotes getting together.
The maintenance team here is 5 stars.
Mark, the head of maintenance built a team that is above question the best.
They are always available to help residents when it is needed.
Why not live here?
I am a sophomore living in illini tower this year with a group of friends.
We are living in a corner room together, and we could not be happier with our choice.
They even take requests from students for new menu items.
It is clear that the management is aware of this, though, as they offer special events and activities fairly frequently.
Police activity has increased to weekly to deal with the drug overdoses that occur at this complex.
This is a health code violation.
I almost didn't rent here because during the initial leasing process no one at the management office answered the phone.
I would call multiple times a day at different times of day but still no one answered.
I figured out it is easier to hold on to someone's email and correspond that way.
Lori helped me throughout the process and was very nice.
I leased the isle style apartment and it is the perfect size for my roommate and i.
When we moved in we had brand-new carpets and the closet space is enormous.
The windows need to be replaced throughout the complex.
No gym membership.... im living the life.
This is by far the worst apartment i have ever lived in.
They try and milk you for every penny they can get out of you.
The people in the office are horribly rude and act like they are clueless when handling any situation.
If this complex was offering half off rent, there is no way i would ever live here again.
Get off the montego bay website!!!!
They're probably charging you right now just to look at crappy apartments on their site!!!!
Had employees steal items from my apartment.
The trash piles up to 6ft tall in the trash chute area.
Tenants dogs poop/pee in hallways and other areas and nobody picks it up.
Maintenance shuts work completing them.
I pay for parking but the complex lets anybody park there.
Someone was shot in the apartment across from mine and management has hid the details.
This place is a dump
Here's the thing, i know there are rules to follow for any organization.
However, disrespect and awful customer service is causing me to leave this review.
Up until this point i hadn't had any problems with the staff or any other complaints.
I'm interning this summer, working 9-5 everyday.
I'm transferring to another apartment on site.
Our transfer date is on a wednesday.
Two minutes into the conversation i was told the woman didn't care that it was inconvenient.
That i had 24 hours, no exceptions.
She sarcasticly asked if she was able to help me at the end of the conversation.
Super unfortunate this organization doesn't provide any professional deveopment to their staff.
You might not have to pay for utilities or internet, but it shows.
The internet speed is one notch below glacial and the appliances frequently act up.
The rooms are small and the grounds are not taken care of.
Avoid at all costs!
Do not live here.
Please, do not make the same mistake i did.
The maintenance people were slow to respond to issues and when they did they didn't always fix the problem.
The weather stripping around my window was degraded, so there was always a cold breeze in my room.
I've lived here for the past 2 years and decided to renew!
Compared to other properties i've lived or toured this one by far had  everything i was looking for.
Worst apartment complex ever...
I have a friend that lives there, he has contacted the office numerous times for maintenance issues.
His toilet does not flush.
He needs to fill a bucket with water to flush.
The ceiling in the bathroom is cracked and falling in.
The drywall is hanging from the ceiling.
The bedroom ceiling is cracked too.
I would never move there unless you don't care about being able to flush the toilet...
I came to camden with high expectations, i have to work long hours to afford to live here.
Lately, i'm not sure if it has been worth it.
We have had cars broken into, wheels stolen and cars stolen.
I do not feel safe coming home from work late at night.
Guest parking is limited.
Valet waste has been hit or miss.
We have to pay like $75 dollars for a clicker.
I do love my apartment and the outdoor grill areas are nice.
I'm happy that i found exactly what i was looking for in the domain.
Even better: the utilities are included in your fixed rate.
Even better than the utilities: everyone gets their own bathroom!
The staff and security are well-trained yet personable and take care to take good care of us.
There are other luxury apartments around, but they are also a lot more expensive or too far from campus.
In the off-campus housing market - given the location, price, and amenities - domain is the most cost-effective investment.
I love it here.
Yes, we have construction going on in the front pool, but the back pool is like you are on vacation!!!.
There is even a sand beach!
The maintenance staff is out of this world!
They are clean, courteous and response time is unheard of.
The gym is awesome and has so many options.
They are so kind but give you that extra push when they know you are ready.
Not to mention yoga twice a week where you can center yourself after a long day at work.
Apartment living isn't for everyone, until you have experienced liv northgate!
It is like living in a resort!!
So basically the food is pretty nasty and lack variety.
I seriously don't get it why the chef hasn't been replaced yet.
Walls thin af where you can literally hear your neighbors talking.
You cant even get on the school's website thus doing homework!
Oh plus, some of the staff (mostly ra's) are super rude and give you attitude whenever you ask for something.
There would always be an elevator that doesn't work!
Moving out asap when freshman year ends!
Let me start by saying this is the single worst place you can possibly live on uiuc campus.
The elevators break down almost daily.
What kind of 24 story apartment has only 2 elevators?
This has happened while i had bags, groceries and other things with me also.
You will also be charged phantom overage costs for which you will never be given a breakdown of.
Basically everything in the building breaks regularly.
We had our balcony closed for over 6 months due to random repairs and were told to deal with it.
The company has done nothing to fix it or compensate us for it.
This place is an absolute shithole and it is one of the most expensive on campus.
Do yourself a favor and do not even step foot in this place for a tour.
It will also probably be filthy somehow even after it was allegedly cleaned.
There's more i could say but they aren't worth my time.
I would recommend one of the newer buildings on campus to hopefully not be as horrible as this one.
If there was any way to go below 1 star i would go as far negative as possible.
I hope the management at this place is ashamed of themselves.
I'm going to go over both the pros and cons of these apartments.
I'll start with the positive side of things.
It's in a great location, and by that i mean it's convenient to i-85, walmart, fast food, and shopping etc.
If you have dogs they seem to be a very dog friendly community, more so than kids at times.
Management and staff are friendly and helpful for the most part.
Never had any issues with them personally.
The apartments also offer a nice pool area that was recently updated.
On to the negatives.
Next is the apartment complex across the street which does house some section 8 living.
I wish i had known this before moving here, but being new to the area i've learned my lesson.
Also sometimes the loud rap music at late hours gets kind of annoying, but you get what you pay for.
Fortunately the cops caught the kids in the act and they were arrested, but others haven't been so lucky.
I don't know what the other person is talking about?
I absolutely love it here!
I'd recommend anyone to live here.
I never have any problems that are out of the ordinary in my apartment.
I'm a clean person so maybe that's why i don't have the bed bug issue if you catch my drift.
But all the office and maintenance staff are really nice.
Whenever i need anything they are always on top of it and nice.
Plus you can't beat their prices!
I love my apartment it's such a cute layout for an apartment!.
If your interested in montego bay..
I'd recommend checking them out for yourself.
You will see how great it really is!
:)   - happy resident :)
Camden sotelo has been a great apartment complex since moving in.
I have lived here for a year now and have had  great experiences from the leasing office.
Service requests are answered promptly, and lease issues resolved competently.
Recommended to any intrested apartment seekers.
If you have a dog, do not live here.
Although they say they are pet friendly, my dog has had nothing but an increase in vet bills.
The gravel part around the artificial turf is also covered in feces.
Very difficult to get work orders fulfilled.
I initially knew my air conditioned was broke when i received an electric bill for 250$ for one month.
When i ask the building manager they wouldn't look into it.
They never reimburse for the excessive usage from their broken ac unit.
Then, i waited 2 months without air conditioner during august and september.
(after they said it was "fixed" 2-3 times.)
I moved in under the impression the pool would be open soon.
They never opened until the month i planned to leave, so 7 months later.
There were ants everywhere and they never sent me the requested pest control.
The elevator was broke 50-75 percent of the time, sometimes with people in it.
The doors that are suppose to be locked without keyfob, for security, never worked.
Definitely would not recommend.
If you want to be charged 750 dlls after move out for not doing everything they say , live here!
If you want to live with sketchy neighbors with tin foil on their windows, live here!
If you want to assure you never forget the domain due to its horrible experience , live here!
I think they've taken our concerns seriously!
However, i've noticed a huge improvement recently and am happy to live here!
The management of 309 is the worst i've seen.
I have lived her for a little over 6 months.
The maintenance and office staff are great and very dependable.
They are very accommodating with dogs and the only negative would be that the walls feel thin at times.
Other than that, we can't complain!
They don't care about the well-being of their residents/guests and joseph verbally harassed me over the phone.
Never ever live here it's a scam!
Or i could just follow the others and jump off of a balcony on to the sea of concrete below...
Simply horrible living situation if you're a student looking to sleep at night!
I have lived in this place for years as 'campus suites', never had a problem.
This year they invoked a 'noise clause' in the lease agreement mostly pertaining to loud music and parties after hours.
Not only do they not abide by the lease agreement, but their security is completely incompetent.
Moral of story- 1.do not live here if you plan to attend class.
Do not live here if you plan to adhere to the lease agreement.
Do live here if you just want to party.
Do live here if you love that 808 all hours of the night.
This could be the reason for the students electing to jump off the fifth floor.
I'll start with the obvious.
First, this dump has got to be demolished.
It is a worn-out building built in the 1960's that has not been renovated since.
I visited those dorms and those were in better shape than it!!!!
The it staff, when giving tours, use the same room, which is never occupied so it looks brand new.
But in reality, your room will most likely be in god-awful condition.
On move-in day, i tested my water, heat and ac to see if it works.
All 3 were broken and the maintenance crew took about a week to fix.
My first week at it was without water and ac!!!
The entire winter, there was no heat, even that one day with -20f.
That is illegal and on the grounds for a lawsuit.
The reason for all this, is to save money, while leaving residents with literally nothing.
The social life in this place is lacking and close to non-existent.
I feel pity for them, as i want them to experience a diverse student body like in other dorms.
(if someone here is from china and could translate my review to chinese for them, that would be greatly appreciated.
I want them to avoid this place as well).
The food, is simply disgusting and poorly prepared.
It literally looks like a 5 year old cooked it.
The cafeteria crew consists of ex-convicts, felons and murderers.
In essence, all the food is cheap, unhealthy and uncooked.
A majority of the food is canned.
The worst part is, they serve leftovers for 3 days straight!!
Everything is deep-fried, and the salad bar is not fresh at all.
One time, i noticed a bug in the lettuce.
As one reviewer put it, "it gets old quick".
The internet is poor, and unreliable.
Service shuts down nearly every week for hours at a time.
In the rooms, poor attempts at making it "look nice and modern" were made, but ended up failing.
For example, a piece of unpainted plywood was nailed to the wall as a make-shift shelf.
Also, tons of hidden fees for the smallest of reasons.
At the end of the semester, every resident gets charged a $25 "damage" fee, without explanation.
The cost of this place is nearly 3 times the cost of regular university housing, which is a lot better.
That's 2x more than the cost of tuition!!
For example, the elevators are old, from the 70's, and are slow.
Staircase use are forbidden.
The hallways contains wall coverings, carpets and ceiling panels from the 70's.
The rooms themselves are disgusting, and will likely have holes in the walls, mold and dust everywhere.
The walls are thin and everything you say will be heard from your neighbors next door.
You can hear even the toilets flushing next door and in the floors below and above you.
This place has violated numerous building safety inspections in the past, but the management team never does anything about it.
In essence, this place is appalling and sickening.
It would be equivalent to that.
No wonder every year, it has seen a decline in leases.
Maybe u of i students should do the same to it in 2015!
I searched through the usual apartment hunter websites and found the nice neighborhood and affordable rent to be desirable.
Unfortunately, the women in the leasing office are unprofessional as exhibited by poor customer service skills and lack of approachability.
They blatantly told me they lost my apartment application, so i had to apply twice.
That should have been a sign.
In addition, i have lived here for four months now and have submitted on average two maintenance request per month.
I'd rather hold on to my joy for the day than attempt to discuss any serious topic with them.
If you need to live on a budget and be in decent neighborhood, it's not the worst place ever.
But if you think this is a great find for a nice price, you're mistaken.
That's just to name a few things.
These people clearly do not care about their residents.
Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
I would not recommend moving here.
They did not work with me on anything, they never answer the phone or return phone calls.
The people in the office are not very helpful and don't seem to care.
I would never move back to those apartments even if someone paid me too.
The reserve at stone hollow is a great place to live.
I really can't say enough about it!!
The apartments are new, modern and spacious.
The price is good compared to other neighboring apartment complexes.
The amenities are superb.
The pool area has been remodeled with a beautiful fire place, gas grills and a bar.
The landscaping is top notch and the grounds are impeccable.
Pets are welcome and there is even a gated dog park!
The onsite managers susan and liz are professional, friendly and welcoming.
This is a great place for anyone to call home!
I toured sotelo today and loved the property!
Great staff lexi was wonderful showed my husband & i the property was so wonderful.
Lived here for a year a couple years ago in a 1br/1ba.
Plenty of storage space, especially with the walk-in closet in the bedroom.
The appliances were all modern and up-to-date enough for me, and i felt as though i got my money's worth.
I think the longest wait i had was 40 minutes one night.
Really enjoyed my time at miramonte.
Luckily, while driving around searching for "for rent" signs, i stumbled onto 415 s. aiken ave.
This 7 unit building is very unique.
Rent was more than affordable, and gas and water are included in the rent.
Electric bills are barely relevant at 30-50$ per month.
Plenty of space for one person, and a giant closet for storage (seriously, it's huge!).
Now in regards to the company: herbert halsband properties has been nothing but kind, courteous, and respectful since day one.
First and foremost, when i first accepted this apartment, it needed gutted and renovated.
I truly couldn't have asked for a more overall perfect experience for my first apartment.
I would whole heartedly recommend looking into the options that herbert halsband properties has to offer.
Give sherry or melita a ring at the office if you're searching, and i'm sure they'll find you something wonderful.
And the word of mouth was right!
This has been my favorite place that i've lived.
The staff - including both office and maintenance - are great, helpful and welcoming.
The maintenance staff really goes way beyond to help out around the property.
Whatever they're getting paid, someone should double it.
Other pros: the grass and landscaping and all that are really well kept.
It's as quiet as an apartment can be - most of the time, i forget i have any neighbors.
Covered parking, which is great during winter storms.
Figure it out  update: it took 2 days for me to get a new keycard.
They never answered my emails and did not apologize at all.
Get your move on is a class act!
The scheduling was a breeze.
The crew, moke & paulo were right on time.
They treated all my stuff with extreme care.
The crew was polite, respectful and efficient.
Once our upstairs flooring is complete, i will be calling them back to move the furniture.
I would highly recommend get your move on!
I contacted derek after two friends both recommended using him after they were both moved by them.
Derek was quick to schedule an estimate with me, happily working around my crazy schedule.
They kept great communication with me prior to the move and the day of.
They were on time and ready to get the job done moving all my belongs to my new home.
Once there they carefully unpacked and placed my belongings where i asked.
The two guys that came out were polite and respectfully.
I would use them again and happily recommend them to friends!
Thanks so much to chad, va, and john!
What a fantastic job and a great group of guys!
I would recommend them to anyone i know.
They are professional, careful with our belongings, timely, and we felt totally comfortable entrusting them with our stuff!
These guys know how to move.
Professional, efficient, and caters to exactly what you want them to do with your furniture.
Well worth the money.
I like how they used these blue blankets to wrap my furniture.
We have had a very positive experience with roland; more specifically with kurt.
We needed some special attention to our lease situation and kurt was extremely fair and helpful.
In fact, we will be renting from them next year.
I just moved from tempe to mesa last week and i have a extremely positive moving experience with gymo.
Very helpful and friendly, and certainly appreciate his flexibility with the schedule throughout the week.
I would definitely recommend gymo to anyone and utilize them in the future.
The movers were a great team to work with.
I am a real estate agent in phoenix and highly recommend get your move on to my clients.
I personally used them as i had a difficult move and wanted it done right.
They protected the doorways, floors and really paid such special attention to the personal items.
I was impressed, i give them an a++.
Bryan is very efficient and professional.
Not only has helped me with real estate questions but has helped many people i know.
This market is tough and he has weathered the storm.
Some agents' bottom line is their commission check which makes it feel rushed and impersonal, bryan isn't like that.
He listens to your needs, wants and what you can really afford.
Home buying is a daunting task, but he makes it not as scary.
His personal, customized service makes him stand out in the industry.
This company moved us from san tan valley, az, to prescott valley, az, in september, 2014.
Most of the move went well.
Rare to find a moving company this ethical.
We won't hesitate to recommend them to our friends.
I highly recommend using bryan hamby as your realtor.
I moved in sept. 2015 and will have to concur with other reviews about deplorable move in conditions.
Also, it seems the management company...not the staff on property, had a difficult time finding qualified, dedicated maintenance people.
The best one they had was moved to another complex; our loss.
The office manager actually called an outside contractor who had the job done in about 15 minutes.
In my opinion she's a great "front line" agent.
My patio faces the pool/hot tub and i see this myself.
When i moved in the hot tub wasn't working.
Current management arranged for an outside contractor to assess and repair and the hot tub now is awesome.
I also think security could be bumped up a bit.
I truly believe living well, the new management company, is trying to improve the living environment of brookfield apartment homes.
What needs to be remembered is...you catch more bees with honey than vinegar.
Taking your anger out on the staff doesn't get the work ok'd by the management company any faster.
I will be signing my upcoming lease.
I sent a request for an appointment through their website, and received a call the very next morning.
Peter set everything up for me over the phone, and was very helpful.
When it came time for the move, juan and robert arrived right on time, and got right to work.
They were friendly and helpful throughout the entire process.
All of my things were handled with care, and the entire move went smoothly.
I will absolutely be using them again in the future.
I also very much recommend them to anyone looking for a hassle free move.
Waste of your time after responding to a dozen emails and question, including my credit score, nicole didn't even answer.
She sent me zero apartments options to look and plainly stopped responding to my emails.
Bryan is a very professional agent.
I recommend him for all of your real estate needs.
Top notch service, they are friendly and professional.
Shout out to that mutant adrian, he is crazy strong and his fast side kick miles.
Good work fellas, thank you.
Customer service is always incredibly understanding and helpful.
Apartment is constantly maintained.
Rent is extremely competitive, at least for my building.
I have loved renting my apartment, and i'm only leaving because i'm moving out of town.
My roommate has had no trouble finding someone to take my room, because the place speaks for itself
Facts: - lived here for 4-5 years.
- 1st year i was there, my apartment was given to someone else before i moved in.
- 1st year, placed next to non-stop small barking dog, lady w/ "escort services" out of her apt.
- 1st year, lady threatened me (and security) when her marijuana smoke mentioned to office.
- 1st year, altercation with her client left blood outside of my door and hers along stairwell.
- 1st year was awful, front office tried to make it up.
It became worse last 2 years again.
- new apt had no hot water for nearly a year.
30 seconds of warm water from shower.
- non-functional kitchen sink.
- only time maintenance was there for years was to alter light switches with timers to shut off.
- electricity constantly on and off, bad breakers and electrical wiring.
Not up to code.
Oven stopped working later.
Had a gas leak they wouldn't/couldn't fix.
- maintenance did not fix anything and left me on a waiting list for nearly 2 years.
- the only time maintenance did fix anything, it was for someone downstairs in the final year.
- maintenance did something to my ceiling outside.
- water flooded my apartment when i was gone not realizing this.
Front office started to let anyone move in by 3rd year.
- panhandlers moved into laundry room.
Destroyed laundry facility for change.
- we had no laundry on-site for a month.
- when finally fixed, tenants who did their laundry at night (me) no longer could.
- half of the property turned into a cross between petsmart and cages at humane society.
- dogs running around without leashes, owners not cleaning up after them on sidewalks.
- all kinds of "urban" and "downtown" type of people moving in, car stereo blasts at 2-3am.
- water shut off without notice for 17 hours while i was sick and nearly died from dehydration.
- locks on doors to apartments were never changed between tenants.
- moved an "urban" to an apartment location directly 1 down and 1 over from where i was.
- decent female neighbor victim of new move-in practices; nearly killed by gun altercation.
- front office tried to charge female tenant for move-out when she feared for her life.
- after legal notice to office, only then did they fix part of the unlivable conditions for years.
- maintenance wanted to enter to fix gas line if possible.
- belongings no longer safe, and front office renters insurance did not cover personal items.
- moved to the point of violence and retaliation by downstairs neighbor.
Does this sound like somewhere you want to live and pay $550-$600+ a month to live?
Think this is compliant with the fair housing act or up to code standards for the city of phoenix/health dep?
If you're there and need to do anything of value or have anything of value, it isn't going to work.
People need to know the truth (this) before they move in and lease.
I moved from a 2nd floor 2 bed/2bath condo into a 1st floor 1bed/1bath apartment yesterday with gymo.
I purposely picked them because them moved me into my condo 3 years ago.
On july 10, 2015, an awesome team of three carefully and efficiently moved my belongings up the stairs.
I've moved a lot in my life and i'd never seen anything like it.
I knew when i moved again, i had to go with gymo and i did.
This year, frank c, paul l, and matt t were just as phenomenal!
Paul even risked bodily harm to make sure my couch safely made it into my new place.
This company and this team are not your typical movers.
Yes, they do everything they promise and then some.
Like most good professional moving companies, gymo isn't cheap.
But you really do get what you pay for.
They are worth every penny and then some.
But, they understand that you're not made of money and they don't waste your time.
Plus, they honor special requests, within reason, at no extra cost.
So again, if you're looking for a quality professional moving company, gymo is the one you want to pick!
Thanks so much to chad, va, and john!
What a fantastic job and a great group of guys!
I would recommend them to anyone i know.
They are professional, careful with our belongings, timely, and we felt totally comfortable entrusting them with our stuff!
It's been 6 months since we had this company move us the first time.
An awesome company, a great group of guys!
Thanks so much, moe, gilbert, frank, and va'a!!!!
You are the best.
I lived there for 11 years from about 1973 to 1984.
I loved living there!
It was like an oasis from the 'outside world'!
Many wonderful memories from living there.
Through the later years, the apartments went into decline, and i really hated to see that!
Pretty much looks the same, but with the added exercise portion and cabana area.
You will make wonderful memories there!
A former montego resident
From the start, even with scheduling, everyone has been so prompt and professional.
Peter was so helpful in getting my situated.
Carmen was also wonderful.
When the boys arrived, they brought an extra guy, free of charge.
All 3 guys were so friendly and professional.
These guys worked their butts off in the hot arizona sun and did such a great job.
I appreciate the hard work.
Highly recommend using their services.
I love this place!
The new management is awesome!
Used these guys when i moved recently.
Why did i not use movers before?!?!
I didn't have to break my back moving my crap!
I'd definitely use them again!
Needed movers for across-the-valley move for a four bedroom, full patio move.
Derek returned my query promptly and arranged for an estimator to arrive same day.
Sammy and jose came within an hour and inventoried our possessions.
Our movers: robert, donovan, erick and miles were on time and ready to rock.
Robert concurred that it prob wouldn't fit on one truck but said there was no standby.
After unloading, robert asked me three times if i wanted them to handle the second load.
Yes, yes and yes.
Again, a bit whiny but it was 104 degrees, so allowances were made for that.
They unloaded everything with only 1 casualty: the chimnea.
They packed it up well but it shattered anyway.
Not really their fault.
The total for 10 hours, four movers, one trip charge, two stretch wrap rolls and one bed-box was $2137.
Pricey but the time and quality they put into wrapping all our items was worth it.
They forgot to apply my yelp 10% trip charge discount but i forgot too.
I recommend get your move on.
Quick update: within 30 mins of my review, the owner called to cover each point of my review.
Horrible customer service, the girl who answered the phone was very rude.
She said her name was jenny
I have lived here for almost two years.
The first year was pure bliss.
Quiet, comfortable, great neighbors who didn't make a peep.
Unfortunately, i can't say year two has been the same.
It seems as if their clientele has changed.
My apartments shakes from how hard they all slam their doors.
I even thought one night as i was sleeping that someone was breaking in, that's how loud it was.
Currently as i am writing this, my car is surrounded by butts and trash from the downstairs neighbors.
They don't offer trash valet either.
The same people also park wherever they please including other people's spots.
There is a fleet of uber vehicles parked in the lot that takes up anywhere from 3-4 spots.
Maintenance is on the ball with everything and they are all very friendly.
The apartment is older but it is in a great location.
Staff is friendly and attentive to tenants needs.
The guys did great.
The guys helping me move were lopaka, adrian, alex, and carlos!
They did an awesome job!
Took great care of everything and when i move again i'll be requesting my same crew!!
I honestly picked them because of their catchy name.
I first used them in 2012 from a third story move to single level.
They were quick and efficient, i believe my bill was less than what my estimate was.
I recently just moved again so naturally i called derek up, the call was quick and personable.
He quickly pulled up my info and set me up, no added stress to an already stressful time.
They showed up and they just took over.
They were very sweet.
Not chatty, all work.
I know a lot of my furniture is very heavy and they handled it with ease.
Last bit, i had contractors here at my new residence finishing up and they just keep working around it.
They didn't stop even though it was obviously impeding their flow.
Hope i never move again, i'm exhausted!!
We had get your move on do our storage and moving.
They were professional from the the beginning.
Their staff is so awesome, and extremely helpful.
They stuck to the bid and kept our things in storage for 5weeks.
Even with the second move no damage was found.
The way they pack you can see why.
They make an extra effort to not damage anything inside the home.
I had forgotten my washer and dryer at the first move.
It was in a small laundry area and the door was closed and it was overlooked.
I called because they had left by then.
When i called to tell them about it they were back in 20 minutes.
They said no charge it happens.
Can't stress enough how grateful we are one less stress to worry about with moving.
I would recommend this company to anyone.
Very pleasant people to work with.
James and his crew did awesome today.
Prompt, friendly, and hard working.
The guys took care wrapping and transporting all furniture.
Came to about $450 to move a 1500 sq ft house 3 miles, with most things packed in boxes.
I would recommend this company to anyone.
I've used them for three moves and have always been happy with their service.
They do a great job wrapping up all the furniture so that it doesn't get damaged.
The guys doing the moving have always worked quickly and have been very friendly and professional.
Get your move on is the best moving company around!!
They have not only moved us twice, they have gone above and beyond the call of duty both times.
Donovan and muke rock!!
They are prompt, helpful, professional, courteous, and all around fantastic.
Love them and we will never use another moving company again.
Matt and frank were amazing on my move for my client.
Great job get your move on llc & frank & matt!
Get organized with bridges + co
The units themselves are gorgeous as well--no generic beige carpet and plain white walls to be found here.
The charcoal tile in the living room and kitchen is beautiful.
The bathrooms are extremely chic with their teal-and-brown color scheme and their modern sinks.
There's tons of closet space in the bedroom.
The kitchen has gorgeous backsplash tiling, stainless steel appliances, and track lighting.
The complex also offers two gas grills for tenant use, and they even supply the propane!
I am always so proud to bring guests to my apartment.
Their jaws always drop when i tell them how little we pay for rent, too (utilities and ac included!).
The best thing about bloom however is the staff.
Our concerns are always taken seriously and resolved as quickly as possible.
If i could give bloom more than 5 stars, i would :)
I have lived here for about a year and recently renewed my lease with miramonte apartments.
I have been incredibly pleased with the staff more than anything.
The reason i chose to renew my apartment was because i praise the staff highly.
Meghan and bree are amazing.
I am so pleased with the staff!
To that note, the maintenance guys are phenomenal!
They are super respectful of your apartment and get maintenance requests done within 48 hours of me claiming a request.
I am so so impressed with the staff here!
My apartments were both super clean before i moved in and the location is unbeatable, in my opinion.
I am so happy to have stumbled into miramonte and plan to live here until i purchase my next home.
Thank you miramonte staff; you are all so wonderful!
Usually in champaign, you hear nothing but negative things about on campus apartment groups.
I could not have been happier leasing from roland realty.
They have a lot of tenants, but the people in the office (somehow) still know you by name.
I cannot recommend them any higher, they're wonderful to work with and lease from.
The 3-man team from get your move on that did my move was on time, courteous, and professional.
They were hyper-efficient but at the same time extremely careful with packing and protecting my furniture and belongings.
Every item survived the move without a scratch.
Each member of the team followed my instructions without issue and were accommodating of all requests.
Communication before the move was very responsive.
Highest marks and recommendation!
Get your move on are my go to guys for moving & storage.
In fact i don't even have a plan b on my list of movers because yes, they are that good.
I know if i refer a client to derek greene and his crew, i don't have anything to worry about.
Read the reviews and you will see why.
I heard about bryan hamby through a friend and we started the process of buying my first home right away.
Obviously he knows what he is doing.
Highly recommend get your move on.
Excellent customer service, great communication from start to finish, courteous and punctual.
You can tell they have a system implemented that works.
Each piece is treated with care, all furniture items were wrapped individually to keep them clean and protected.
My family and i have lived here for almost 3 years now, and we are staying put for a while.
The community is small, but we love that about miramonte.
Most neighbors are very friendly, and the grounds are always kept tidy.
The pool area is beautiful and very relaxing, offering a fire pit and cabanas.
We love swimming as often as we can!
The fitness room may be small, but it gives you enough to sweat and burn.
The neighbors, most anyway, are always friendly.
Parking is never a problem, in the 3 years we've been there, only twice has our parking spot been taken.
When it is, we ask nicely for it to be moved and it gets moved.
Maintenance is incredible, super quick and very friendly.
The front office staff is also very friendly and helpful.
We have a small dog and 4 year old, and we love it here.
It's the perfect little place for us, and we recommend it to anyone.
We do face hayden road, but noise isn't too bad.
This moving company was so fantastic that i will never dread moving again!
Everyone was professional and friendly and super efficient.
Not one thing damaged, lost or broken.
I had a huge mirror and glass artwork.
Hands down best movers ever.
Is it my responsibility to guess and figure out that the # symbol was removed from the code?
I am now late for work after returning for a morning cup of coffee.
This situation is however the least inconvenient of many issues i have experience while living here.
Lately, there has rarely been propane in the grills.
In fact, the last time i attempted to grill steaks- there was no tank even under the grill.
This means that somebody took the propane out and never bothered to let anyone know or consider replacing it.
I asked to have my tub re-caulked several months ago and had to complain to get this done.
I've witnessed domestic violence two doors down, as well as blaring loud music.
I bring these issues to you attention as i am a young professional.
The bikes that were marketed as for residents were stolen and never replaced.
There are apartments that have sat demolished, dirty, and unpleasant looking from the exterior for more than 7 months.
I was told an email went out yesterday regarding the gate- i did not receive any notification.
This is an exceptional moving company.
We had a team of 3 arrive on time, they took great care in moving our furniture and belongings.
The team of was courteous and worked non-stop.
They kept us informed of everything they were doing.
Thank you for making our move go so smoothly.
We couldn't have done it without this company and their professional staff.
We would highly recommend to our friends and family.
First off, i did not have tile floor like promised.
I had crappy linoleum wood.
It had patch jobs through the apartment where it had ripped from the previous tenant.
I had a truck full of my stuff and was clearly ready.
I had waited months for this apartment.
Next, came the issue of the air conditioning.
That was a lie.
Lastly, are the issues with maintenance.
The maintenance supervisor and staff are completly useless and incompetent.
They also do not come back to finish work in your unit until you pester management multiple times.
It stayed that way until i left.
When maintence was told to put the portable a/c in my unit, they did not hook it up.
They did it better the next time but still used tape.
Overall, if you choose to live here, if you have any issues, i suggest noting everything in writing.
I left the second my lease was up, as they wouldnt let me out of it sooner.
On another note, i had 3 different managers in that 1 year.
This review is on the complex itself, lupe, and maintenance.
Not on priscilla yazzie.
They are on the expensive side, but oh so worth it.
After our third move with these guys i figured i better write them up.
The crew is great and the company is very good at what they do.
And they show up on time, when promised, and get the job done efficiently and quickly.
If we (heaven forbid) have to move a fourth time, you can bet we'll be calling get your move on!
They carefully pack items, and i have never suffered any damaged furniture or other items moved.
The packers and movers are great people.
They are fast and efficient.
The crew of moke, juan, and armando were great to work with.
If anyone has a move coming in their near future, i would highly recommend get your move on.
Derek quoted 3-5 hours for the move with an hourly move rate plus a trip/truck fee.
They arrived right on time, explained the process, and were very friendly and courteous.
I'm still unpacking but nothing appears so far to have been damaged and everything did arrive.
The move took 7 hours in total and they only charged me for 5.
I'm very happy with my experience with get your move on!
They made a tough move much smoother.
Would recommend (and already have) to anyone!
Today i was able to see what everyone is talking about on this site about this company.
After going through my move today, i can see why everyone is giving them "5 stars."
The crew (jose, jovi, and chad) was very professional.
They even offered to take down my king size bedroom set and re-assemble it at the new place.
I didn't take them up for their offer, but i guess i could have done that.
I lived on the 2nd floor and i have a ton of heavy furniture and this was an 8am move.
When i first moved in, i had to move everything myself.
This time around, i never once heard of any banging or rattling noise whatsoever during the entire move.
I was also impressed on how the crew shrink-wrapped all the furniture and packed everything into the truck.
Kudos to you guys.
I researched quite a few companies before contacting get your move on.
They quickly returned my request for a quote and scheduled jose to come out the following saturday.
The cool part was they send email confirmations and provide jose's information (short-bio) and his picture.
We opted for the 3-man at $165/hr and 6 hour estimate.
They confirmed the move the day before and arrived right on time on move day.
The crew was great!
They were so quick & careful with everything.
As they brought items in.
And then they were so quick they were done after 3 1/2 hours!
Very unexpected and much appreciated!
They have a great website and quickly responded to any emails i sent.
And they provided the exact services as quoted and in a quicker timeframe!
Thanks much for everything - awesome job!
This place is a piece of junk.
The apartments have cheap finishes that start looking worn out in the first year.
Do not live here- save yourself the headache!!
I highly recommend bryan!
He is a consummate professional and an expert in his field.
It was a pleasure working with bryan and i am looking forward to doing more business together.
Thank you for a job well done bryan!
I live in one of roland's smaller buildings in champaign.
They are the best landlord i've ever had.
They respond very quickly to maintenance requests, and if the guy couldn't fix the problem, boom, new appliance.
You can pay the rent online and submit work orders online.
The office guys are very nice and helpful.
I would rent from them again in a heartbeat.
A/c has been a nightmare.
They finally worked on mine after a year or so.
I complained all they did was "clean" the equipment and fix it.
The a/c worked for the dry heat ok but as it got humud the unit just sucked.
They don't keep their word on apt you will get.
My first contract they told me id get an upstairs apt on a different building.
Also that my apt had new tile floor already.
So water goes off sometimes we got the notice but not always.
I wouldn't go to the pool that is all about that.
A person died in one of the apts there was a shooting at one point.
That's my opinion about this place.
Save yourself the hassle the bbb rating is b+ i feel they should drop it lower avoid this place.
You will regret wasting your time and money.
Bryan is very efficient at what he does.
He sold my parents condo very quickly and received the highest price point possible.
He is very communicative during the process so you know exactly how things are moving forward.
I would definitely recommend bryan to anyone looking for a hard working agent.
This is now the second time i have used 'get your move on' and both times have been incredibly great.
On both occasions, they handled each incredibly well.
They were always punctual, well staffed, prepared, friendly and careful with my belongings.
I would highly recommend them for any of your moving needs.
I've lived with them for 4 years in two different buildings.
First building for about 3 years and the second building 1 year.
First, their customer service might suck.
They have tried to improve it over the years.
They're are friendlier now though it is the fake kind.
Their rudeness shows through sometimes.
For the time i've been with them, i've seen all of them at the office talk in a rude manner.
Sheri, the woman that runs the place, is the one i mainly dealt with.
She can get snippy on the phone.
She's the type that always look like she's frustrated and tries her best not to go bitchy on you.
These are just small examples.
I've been with them 4 years and it's been overall fine.
They're straight forward, and again have been working on their politeness recently.
They have been pleasant the last few times i've visit them.
The maintenance staff is friendly too.
Some of their buildings are pretty run down.
Both my apartments have fake fire places.
I personally think they're disgusting.
They're the "cover it over" kind of maintenance.
My first building, everything was covered over with paint or caulk.
Mold grew through the caulk in my bathroom.
However, at my new place, they renovated the apartment so everything is relatively new and clean.
No mold in my current bathroom.
You just have to find the right building.
If their apartment was in the same quality as my first apartment, i would never move back in.
They always responded to maintenance calls.
There has been times where i came home and realize maintenance has been there without any notice.
However, it seems they're leaving door hangers now to let you know they were there.
I like that they accept pets but a deposit is required.
Their apartment has ac.
My first building had heat included.
My 2nd building has heat but the vent is so small it won't heat the entire apartment.
They do respond to neighbor complaints.
We got people playing drums at odd hours, reported them, and the drumming stopped.
When i left my first apartment, i got my deposit, and my pet deposit back no problem.
It did take a month after i already left but that was clearly stated on the sheet that give us.
My current apartment has been renovated.
New cabinets, carpet, bathroom redone, new windows with screen.
The apartment i live in now is livable.
I like my area of friendship.
I doubt anyone will live here long term anyway.
Overall, i'd recommend them.
We had some very special "one of a kind" irreplaceable pieces we were concerned about.
Nothing was damaged, broken, scratched or even nicked!
Previous moving experiences with reputable, large, well-known companies resulted in minor to major damages, loss of items, and breakage.
Even though the companies stood behind the damage, the repairs or monetary compensation was stressful, time consuming, tedious and painful.
Another fast, efficient move by gymo.
The guys arrived on time ready to get my move on.
When conducting business i consider "on-time" to be at least 10 minutes early, and that's exactly what these guys did.
The move was completed quickly and to my satisfaction.
This company is all about one thing; customer service.
We had two movers, ronnie & miles.
Ronnie took control and had a plan which i really appreciated.
My husband worked with them the whole time and had nothing but good things to say about them.
I've used a few different moving companies in the past and these guys have been the best.
I'd use them again.
I lived at 903 s first and i loved living there.
Great service and people.
I have lived here for over a year and like it a lot.
The location is great, the grounds are clean and staff is friendly.
The apartments are older but it helps with the noise levels from neighbors.
I'm so glad i decided to spend my junior and senior year here!
They have definitely made my experience one to remember.
Staff really takes care of you and the quality of the apartment is great.
I had maybe 2 maintenance requests the entire time i lived here.
If you ever have a maintenance request it gets done in no time compared to other places i've stayed at.
Everyone hates moving... that's a given.
Never thought a moving company could actually decrease the stress!
We had a 4 stop move!
They handled it all no prob!
We had 3 movers that were professional as can be (something that is not synonymous with that particular industry).
The guys worked their butts off from 8am until 6pm.
We got them lunch and offered them some beers but they didn't take them.
Best experience i've ever had with movers (and i've moved a lot)!
This company is as good as it gets!
I did some serious research and called get your move on.
Their professional communication sold me right out of the gate.
I appreciated that immensely.
Movers arrived and i can not say enough nice things about them.
These guys worked long and hard all day long!
We had an unexpected delay getting the keys, so they took a long lunch and didn't charge us.
The minute we were able to get in, they were right there and quickly unloading.
They took precautions with my paved driveway, the stone and wood flooring and my belongings!
Not one single item was damaged - not one!
No walls were dinged, no desks nicked - nothing at all was damaged!
They made two trips and worked late.
The entire time they were kind, smiling, and friendly.
Thanks get your move on!
Your professionalism made our stressful time an easy one!
After viewing 5 complexes we found in apartments.com magazine, we stopped at apartment finders.
We prefer 2 bedrooms and, of course, low application and administrative fees, as fees are money not returned.
The top end of our price range being $750.00, we were curious to see what jay found.
The "dream amenity" we wanted: a gas stove.
If you have ever searched for housing in arizona, this is probably the most difficult amenity to find.
3 of the 4 were adequate, and the fourth was absolutely perfect!
His computer brought up lots of examples.
He showed us the listing, including a floor plan with each property.
We narrowed down the plethora of available properties to 4 based on price, layout, location and availability.
We headed out from the mill and baseline address to 48th and ray road for the first complex.
The second complex was 46th and baseline in phoenix.
Property looked great; the leasing person behind the desk was rather lame.
Third choice: baseline between hardy and priest in tempe, another great property.
Jay found us the pinnacle of our amenities...a gas stove!
Before going on the search by yourself, stop by and talk to jay!
There is no cost to use the service, and it will certainly help you narrow down your search!
It is incredibly peaceful and almost too quiet, the neighbors and staff ( i.e.
Nicole ) are all friendly and everyone seems to fit in together very well.
I have been waiting for the catch and there hasn't been a single one, i have zero complaints.
Bloom 24 is truly a gem.
Maybe management needs to read their own documents!!!
To call me and "threaten" monetary penalties for a lease term that doesn't exist??
And ofelia email me several times telling me i have to give 60 days?
Low, people, despicable and low.
Oh, i think not....keep trying...why must they still insist on not being honest??
"good morning,  sorry for not sending you this email yesterday.
I hear you're not renewing with us.
We do require a 60 day written notice to vacate.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you,  ofelia britt"
As for the move itself, miles and his team were superb!
They were extremely polite and professional.
That didn't stop them...after 14 hours and making another trip to fill up a third truck, the move was complete.
While i know they were exhausted, not once did they complain or cut corners to get the job done faster.
They were all true professionals!!
To my surprise, i was only charged $200 more for the additional 5-7 hours and additional truck.
Miles said that you always try to honor the initial estimate and perhaps that estimate should have been higher.
Big thank you to miles, his crew and the whole team at get your move on.
This moving company is great!
They provided me with an accurate cost estimate, explained each step of their process, and  scheduled the move within days.
No surprises or upcharges.
Robert and juan showed up early and were ready to get moving.
They were personable, friendly, efficient,  and very thorough with every aspect of the move.
I would recommend this company without reservation!
I love it here!
It's quiet and everyone is very friendly.
I enjoy the management here over mark taylor and every other property management group i have experienced in the past.
Don't waste your time.
Amy is not very nice and mila, although pleasant is not very sharp.
We had success w/apt.
From all the online reviews and the pics, i thought i would fall in love.
I called and left a message and also left 3 emails....crickets.
Location...location...location....the complex is a lil over 2 miles from my job, which was also a selling point for me.
On 9/9 i decided to stop by the leasing office to inquire about renting a 2 bedroom.
I go in the office, there is a blond headed lady, she didn't state her name.
She wasn't the friendliest, but not the rudest either.
She told me there were no 2 bedrooms available and only 1 - 1 bedroom .
She said the leasing office was the same size as the 1 bedroom so look around, so i did.
I was shocked that the bedroom wasn't staged, it was actually a mess.
My question is why all the false advertising on craigslist???
Almost everyday there are multiple advertisements for 2 bed/2 bath loft apartments at this location, yet they have none available.
Things that make you go hmmmmm.
The property manager meghan is absolutely amazing and her staff is equally as amazing.
The property is very well maintained, lots of green grass and trees.
The property also has plenty of guest parking, which is rare for most properties.
The pool area is very nice and upscale, nice furniture and cabanas.
The bbq's around the property are really nice and easy to use.
My apartment was one of the first to be upgraded with wood floors and new appliances, who wouldn't like that.
I've used apartment finders in the past and they have been helpful.
I called just now and whoever answered was incredibly rude and condescending.
It wasn't necessary and it cost them future business opportunities.
Nicole is nothing but professional and one of the kindest and most compassionate people i have met.
She embraced me and my bulldog rudy when we moved in.
When rudy passed away in december of last year, nicole and all of her staff were so kind and supportive.
Bloom 24 is one of the pet friendliest communities in phoenix.
Bloom 24 and nicole are the reasons why i prefer to stay in this part of phoenix.
It is conveniently located to shopping, entertainment and the freeways, not to mention scottsdale.
I would also like to mention nicole's administrative assistant, matthew bocci.
You couldn't meet a more pleasant and professional young man.
This young man has fantastic people skills and customer service.
His style and personality complements nicole's management style and personality as well.
I hope he stays permanently and continues his career with living well homes.
Yours in kind, sergio x. santos
Amazing experience with this company.
The guys were very polite, professional and extremely careful with all our things.
We will used them again for the third time very soon to help us move a relative.
Definitely 5 star moving company!
My lease ended at the end of may 2016 so still pretty recent.
Every place has it's pros and cons, but bloom's environment was pretty decent compared to other places.
For starters, when i lived there it was pretty quiet- almost too quiet.
Also, the walls were so thick, we never heard the neighbors next door.
Our neighbors could blast music and we wouldn't even know until we actually went outside and passed by their window.
Also, maintenance did a really good job of keeping the place clean.
You always found them working on the pool, cutting grass, washing the walkways, etc.
Maintenance staff were also really friendly and there was never a time that they didn't greet me when seeing me.
Management was also super nice.
Moreover, all of the utilities were included, which made paying bills a breeze.
The ac system was also really good.
Moreover, the pool area was so great.
The pool goes pretty deep compared to other apartment complexes.
The updates to the apartments and community were pretty cool.
Some cons are not really specific to the complex itself, but the people.
Sometimes people would leave their dog's poop on the ground- gross.
Also, the first apartment we moved into in 2015 had some roaches.
At one point, i had a neighbor whose dog would not stop barking from the window.
It was so disturbing, but again, it's the people- not the complex.
Notices were put out so people would be more mindful.
All in all, there were some kinks but because management actually cared, all issues were quickly resolved.
It's honestly a good place to live.
I dunno what units these ppl have but mine sucks!!
My a/c didn't work during the summer.
They tell u its a/c but its a chiller system.
I got notice like once or twice but it happened 6 or 7 times since i been here.
Don't expect any hot water here.
They don't have any hot water for ur showers most of the time.
I get 5 minutes of hot water then bam, it goes cold.
When u tell the ppl at front office they just shrug and say to take a faster shower.
Don't expect peace and quiet.
I live downstairs and hear everything, and i know that ppl make normal living noise when upstairs.
That's not the issue.
It aint like that.
I didnt pay to live at a place where i get no quiet.
Im in school at asu so i cant study right when here.
I have to go to library all the time.
Renters lives matter, but only on the day u pay ur rent to them!
They treat u bad the other 30 days of the month.
People always take my parking place here whether it be assigned or not.
Front office does nothing.
Like i dont know whats up?
She also pay like $90 less than me for the same unit.
When i moved in i had to deal with bugs.
It took them 3 weeks to fix it.
I shouldnt have to speak spanish to be treated right here!
My money still good just like urs is right?
Laundry room: ppl vandalized it and i had nowhere to do laundry for a month.
Had to pack up th car and find a laundry place.
What r they thinking?
Theres cat vomit and dog crap some places here.
I thought i move to a nicer apt and area but no.
There heroin needles in the laundry room and parking lot too i found.
I called front office and told them and they said to come in and talk to them bout it.
This place is just wrong on so many levels.
There other problems w/ things but that all i gonna say cause this already long.
Yet another 5 star review..why, because gymo is the bomb.com!!
Yup i said it..
I was hooked up with gymo via zippyshell as they use them for unloading services in the az area.
I can see why, they were amazeballs.
Ryan and dakota delivered my shell to my new place at the time that was scheduled.
They unloaded and even helped assemble my larger items.
They were quick, professional, strong like hulk and treated my stuff with gentle hands.
Great service, great company and great employees.
I highly recommend this moving company!
I recently used this company to move a 3 bedroom house.
That's exactly what they did and i was so grateful.
All 4 of the movers was respectful, friendly, and a pleasure to work with.
I especially want to thank paul and miles.
I would use get your move on again, and recommend them to everyone!
I must say this company has top of the line service!
All the men helping to move our furniture were very professional and very friendly.
They made sure to wrap all furniture to prevent scratching during the commute.
I would highly recommend this company to anyone needing assistance moving.
After reading the many positive reviews about get your move on, i contacted the company to get information.
Derek, the owner, returned my call within minutes and was very accommodating.
Within 2 days pablo was in our home to give us a complete and accurate estimate.
After securing a couple of other bids, we decided on get your move on.
I'm so glad we did!
That was very reassuring and welcome.
The crew showed up exactly on time and did an amazing job.
Each member of the crew (kevin, brandon, chad, and jovi) was very professional and service minded.
They accomplished our entire move in less than 7 hours which my husband and i thought was amazing.
Only good things to say about get your move on.
I hope i never have to move again, but if i do i will definitely call derek first thing.
Omg - we were so glad we used these guys.
He even suggested a couple things.
Movers showing up 15 min.
Early, quick tour of what we were taking, and started right in.
Everything was carefully wrapped; they all worked great with each other; no down time or stalling in any way.
Very tight 2nd floor move in that they handled easily.
If we move again, we won't call anyone else.
I lived here for a year from 2012 and i had a great experience.
The management team and grounds team are awesome - so friendly, helpful and efficient.
The grounds and pools were kept so beautifully.
I would definitely recommend living here.
On schedule, courteous and professional, quick.
I was in a big rush to list.
I travel a lot for work and don't want to own anymore.
I was a perfect anxious client for a hungry agent!
I left town on a last minute business trip which ended up turning into an extended 3 month consulting job.
Let's just say i'd be kicking myself in the ass if i would have sold just a few months ago!
Bryan loves what he does- and that makes me feel great working with him.
He put my best interests first!
My experience with lucy at brookfield was great.
Very professional and caring about my questions!
They arrived the next day on time.
If i could give 0 stars i would.
Incredibly poor communication and rude management.
Do not live here.
The leasing manager kristina l. is difficult to work with and has the worst customer service skills.
Save your sanity & take my word and do not sign with this building!!
Hands down the best property account in pittsburgh.
Their management style is excellent!
Anytime my roommate and i even had the slightest issue, maintenance was at our door within 15-20 minutes.
They are incredibly accommodating and always got in touch with my roommate or i within an hour of calling.
It is family-owned and they are very friendly.
Their properties have a ton of character, which i loved!
Cannot recommend this company enough!
I would like to address the review written by sarah h..
I have been a resident of bloom 24 since november 2014, moving here for a new position.
While there are inherent difficulties with apartment living i've been very happy with management.
Nicole and her team are absolutely wonderful!
They are always kind and helpful.
They've repeatedly said they were going to "drown animals" that they find annoying and have been rude to other residents.
I find them offensive and frankly the rest of us deserve to live without being subjected to such horrendous comments.
If you do not like animals you should have chosen to live in a community that doesn't allow them.
If you think that it is so awful to live here, by all means,  move.
This review is biased and undeserved and written by sarah h. and, i'm certain, a disgruntled ex-employee.
"i am now late to work after returning for a morning cup of coffee."
Your employer is lucky to have you.
I moved into bloom 24 2 months ago and i love it!
James the manager has really stepped up to ensure i'm happy.
Maintenance is a little slow but they are balancing between renovations and repairs so jose is kept hopping.
With these 120 degree days i'm loving that my rent includes utilities
Apartment reviews can be terrifying, there are some angry renters out there.
Here's what i took from my lovely 10 month stay at miramonte.
The interiors are updated with nicer carpet, newer kitchens and they have washer and dryers!
Big plus for me.
The pool is awesome, when it works.
They have been having some issues but i do believe its fixed now.
The gym is tiny but usually empty.
3. its pretty quiet, most of the time.
I lived upstairs and was never bothered by my neighbors noise.
But i do believe my downstairs neighbor was slightly annoyed by me (and i am not loud and hardly home.)
So point a--live upstairs.
I've found that to be true in every apt complex ive ever lived in.
Point b--please note--this is important--there is an elementary school on the east side of the apartment complex.
The office staff will really try to be accommodating.
They definitely did as much as they could.
Parking for visitors isnt the worst i've seen but it can be difficult.
Bugs- always a big concern of mine and i would have no shame in admitting if i found them.
(see my other apt review, ha!).
(i lived there for 10 months)  7. charges.
But they aren't trying to scam you.
Be present when they do the final walk through and you will be aware of any discrepancies.
Just be a responsible renter and you will only pay the standard $35 carpet cleaning fee.
Hope that was helpful to anyone considering an apartment here.
Granted all experiences and units are different, so if you move in and hate it, whoops.
If you move in and like it, as i did, you're welcome.
I own a professional organizing company so my clients always ask for referrals for their moves.
I have get your move on llc on speed dial because they are the best at what they do.
They have moved multiple clients and i have never had a problem.
They have always gone above and beyond in their service and always with a smile.
They are extremely accommodating and very fun to work with i must add!
Bridges conner, get organized with bridges + co
The people buying our house were delayed an extra week which impacted the close on our new house.
We had to adjust the dates multiple times and get your move on was very flexible regarding the changes.
They were on time and handled our furniture with care.
I would definitely use them in the future.
Exceptional service hands down!
If you desire "professional" movers then look no further.
I had the best experience from packing, storing and customer service.
Thanks so much for handling my belongings with care.
I look forward to sending any future referrals.
They change management like no tomorrow and there is so many cockroaches.
I called to confirm how to send it.
The lady told me to send it by money order so i did.
Do not recommend living here, all they want is your money.
I lived at 702/704 w elm st in urbana for a year.
I have no complaints about the management.
I do, however, understand that it is nice to see the exact apartment you'll be living in.
They were fair with returning the security deposit.
Your choices are very limited if you want to live in urbana, and my apartment itself was hit and miss.
I loved the large bedrooms, and because it's a little further from campus, my rent was fairly low.
Elm st is really pretty, especially in the fall, and the area was usually very quiet.
However, the building only had a window ac unit, which was miserable over the summer.
I didn't mind not having a dishwasher, but a garbage disposal would have been nice.
It was relatively cheap, however.
Despite my issues with the building, i almost stayed for a second year.
I would definitely recommend living with roland.
My movers where great.
They took good care of my thing.
They worked hard and were very professional.
This is the second time i have used this company.
I would recommend them.
Pretty high but worth it.
So i decided to try the highly rated "get your move on" company.
The guys who came, matt, va'a and nate were hardworking, good listeners, smart, strong and fun.
They were a good team with each other and that makes things work a lot better.
It's hard to move, but when you are working with good people it makes the day less painful.
The boxes that remained in the garage were nicely organized so my car neatly could fit in there.
It was only a few, and so far it hasn't been a big hassle to unpack.
I feel very enthusiastic about recommending get your move on, if you have the $ to pay.
From the initial estimate to the final checkout, everyone in the office was great at communication.
Add that to a high quality moving crew and they are well worth the cost.
I wouldn't recommend this place to my enemies, much less people i know and like.
First...washer and dryer issues for months.
2nd...ant infestation that started after my upstairs neighbors were sprayed for their infestation.
They are coming out the walls.
I still have 7 months on my damn lease and i'm trapped in this hell hole :-(
You will not find better movers.
Jose, rené, and one other guy moved me in 119 degree heat.
Throughout, they were polite, helpful, and hard-working.
They moved a piano up a flight of stairs.
Did i mention it was 119 degrees?
They are slightly more expensive than other movers but it is well worth it.
The owner came to give a quote and the entire process was very pleasant.
The day before our move, we received a nice email reminder with the pictures and names of our moving crew.
The crew was very efficient and clean.
Our stuff is in storage right now with the company and i feel confident it is in good hands.
I lived at this complex for a year.
I am a very clean person , so much so that i own a carpet steamer!
This place was flawless when i moved out.
Do not do business with this complex
I enjoyed their kindness.
They were very professional and went above and beyond.
I felt they had my best interest at heart and took the time to wrap all my stuff.
Moving isn't easy but they sure made it look that way.
These guys were amazing.
They even sent an extra guy free of charge to help me out.
I will definitely be calling them again the next time i need movers.
Get your move on is a classy outfit and i highly recommend their services.
I had a bad experience with the company that moved me previously from not checking them out thoroughly.
This company was listed on yelp as a top one, and i looked at the comments and looked online.
They did a top notch job end to end, from my first contact--online thru yelp--to their immediate follow-up by phone.
I was happy with the whole process.
Good service at a good price.
The manager communicated with me, and i got reminders.
Also, my closing on my house was delayed 3 times, and so this move got changed with short notice.
Everything was awesome start to finish.
Scheduling was easy, and communication was excellent.
Unloading went just as smoothly.
I just feel bad because i'm sure he has a lot of stuff to clean up from the last manager..
Run don't walk away from this moving company as fast as you can!
They talk the talk but don't walk the walk.
They will make all kinds of promises but delivering on them is another thing.
They actually dropped my furniture down the stairs, professional movers really?
They broke other things came by to look at them and then never fixed anything.
After multiple emails and two visits two the home, i have no results.
Unfortunately, he was not aware that they had not.
Well yesterday, i saw it.
A check arrived in the mail that refunded the entire cost of my move.
Mistakes happen but we seem to live in a society now where no one accepts responsibility for their mistakes.
Having anyone, let alone a business, admit that they messed up is so refreshing.
I am really grateful that he took the time to listen and i will definitely be using them again.
I was using them to fill a pod and then unload it once the pod came out of storage again.
They are not the cheapest, but remember folks you get what you pay for !
The move was perfect except for an issue with the elevators that required extra time for the move.
Even with that setback the guys immediately started using the stairs until the elevators were functioning again.
They really do care about pleasing the customer even when there are roadblocks.
I highly recommend get your move on for your next move.
Hands down one of the best leasing companies in the champaign-urbana area.
I've lived in champaign for 8 years now and leased from roland twice.
Their staff is wonderful - kurt, alec, dustin to name a few!
They're responsive, fair, and extremely friendly.
They are very prompt about maintenance requests and have a great team.
If you're deciding between roland or another place on campus, definitely go with roland!!
6 stars if i could :d
Okay as you can read my previous review it used to be amazing here.
I'm a firm believer that the happiness of tenants is a direct reflection of the property manager.
Unfortunately living well replaced the original manager nicole.
She was always pleasant to speak with and had a human element that the new manager is lacking.
My fiancé moved here 5 months ago while i'm traveling back and forth to california.
Nicole understood our circumstances and showed empathy and sent us available units to move into.
She even sent us a spreadsheet on units available and the cost of move in.
She couldn't of been more helpful.
I had nicely asked her why we were not notified of any additional fees when paid nicole the remaining balance.
For lack of arguments sake we ended up paying the late fees and inquired about our transfer.
Completely unprofessional and down right rude.
Bloom 24 used to be a very nice place to live where everyone was happy.
All the tenants were friendly with each other.
Multiple people who live there have shared similar horror stories about how rude and arrogant the new manager is.
Now they have a vacant one bedroom and a vacant two bedroom.
Yes the finishes in the units are nice, the loft layout is spacious and beautiful.
Yes your neighbors are super rad and friendly.
It's not worth the headache of dealing with a rude manager.
My neighbor was yelled at by her for paying over the amount due.
The last piece of this review is how since nicole left the place is a mess.
The garbage is constantly overflowing and there was anal lube left on our stairs for 3 days!!
(see photo for proof)
We are moving our stuff with zippy shell and they included loading through get your  move on.
The 3 guys who showed up did an amazing job.
They were friendly and handled our things with care.
They really went the extra mile to arrange stuff efficiently to make it all fit.
Very professional and skilled movers.
Miramonte is a great place to live.
The apartments are slightly older, but are well maintained.
I've never lived in an apartment with such ethical, responsive staff.
3) the shelves in the kitchen cupboards are not moveable.
The kitchen in the one-bedroom or larger two-bedroom model is better.
4) contrary to their advertising/pricing, this is by no means a "luxury" apartment.
The prices fluctuate a lot and are occasionally outrageous for what this apartment is.
5) this is the best apartment i've ever lived in.
The staff are great.
We found this company on angie's list and also checked yelp reviews.
Their reviews seemed too good to be true, but made a tough decision easy.
Their pricing is competitive, but not the cheapest and like other reviewers mention you get what you pay for.
They were easy to work with from the quoting process through the end of the move.
At one point a fourth guy (rico) showed up and one of the originals (david) left for another job.
They wrapped almost everything in blankets and then shrink wrap.
This made the process less stressful.
Damage/scratches to refrigerators is a common complaint in reviews of other companies.
And it was positioned in its new home unharmed.
I absolutely love bloom 24.
I moved my fiancé into this complex from ca while i'm away for training at work.
The grounds are beautiful and nicole is literally the best.
She is so friendly and informative and most importantly genuine and honest.
I appreciated her honesty.
We did have a issue with a leak and maintenance was here the very next day and fixed it.
We got the two bedroom, and the layout is fantastic.
The only complaint i really have is there should be a washer & dryer.
The unit is 1100sqft and there is a huge closet under the stairs sharing a wall with the restroom.
Perfect location for a washer & dryer.
Requested a quote for a 1 bedroom load, store for 14 days, deliver and unload.
Total minimum quoted was $920.00.
That is a ridiculous amount of money for such a small quantity of items and a short storage time.
Do these guys have a handle on the moving business!
Chris and parrish arrived promptly 25 minutes  before the promised move time.
They were ready and raring to go.
They moved my son from his third floor apartment without an extra stair charge!!
They were quick, careful, friendly and efficient.
Thanks for the awesome job!
Thanks to yelp reviews i found these guys.
I live alone and was nervous about hiring a moving company.
They arrived exactly on time and worked quickly.
Otherwise the move was perfect and i would totally recommend these guys.
These guys were on-time, hardworking, and fast.
Yes, they are more expensive, but you also get what you pay for.
When there are so many scam movers out there, i felt very comfortable having them in my home.
I have recommended them to my friends.
I needed a few items i had purchased from a g/f moved within one week.
All the movers i phoned were booked, including get your move on.
Then roger told me he would do it tomorrow for me.
I would definitely use them again.
If you are moving to the scottsdale area use them!
Ask for alex, frank and david o.
They are fantastic, they were very flexible when things didn't go as planned getting into the apartment.
They went above and beyond to make sure i had everything i needed!
A stressful situation made easier!
And the manager is never there
I had a very quick move and needed movers in just a day.
I spoke to brian and he said he could get a crew together.
The guys arrived just as promised the following day on time.
They all introduced themselves and went right to work.
They handled all of my furniture with kid gloves and placed it right where i wanted it.
They even went the extra mile and moved some extra boxes that weren't in the original agreement.
The guys were friendly, hard working, clean and enjoyable to work with.
I felt the price was a little high, but considering my situation i was willing to pay a little extra.
I highly recommend get your move on, especially if you are moving high end furniture.
Well kept common areas and neighbors are nice.. pool area is pretty cool too.
The management is also really friendly and respond well to our needs.
Happy with our choice to live here.
This was the best moving company experience i've had in the 8 different places i've lived in over the years.
Starting with derek who did a thorough assessment beforehand.
The office stayed in touch every step of the way.
I highly recommend them to anyone looking for quality service at a fair price
I have used gymo twice and they really went out of there way to make things easy.
Gymo relived all those negative aspect that go along with moving as soon as i contacted them.
I highly recommended gymo.
The staff is very nice.
Great location close to everything you really need.
The pool is heated and they have gas bbq grills.
Last weekend was the 1st time i ever hired movers and it was for my mother-in-law!
Well, it couldn't have gone better.
Get your move on answered all my questions, calmed my nerves, came in under the estimate, were thorough and efficient.
I will use them again!
Also, the guys made me laugh, always a plus.
Thanks guys,  kim h.
What did i get myself into!
Only been living here one month and it has been horrible from the start.
After further inspection i realized the filter hadn't even been changed.
Pet hair everywhere not sure who cleaned this unit.
Towel racks loose, holes in the ceiling, loose tiles.
Let nicole know again dismissive said the exterminator must of dirtied it.
Do not rent here.
I would put zero stars if i could.
Aspire to be great instead of giving an excuse for everything and thanks for apologizing!
Very highly recommend bryan.
He was a great communicator, always reliable, and really works with his clients to meet their needs.
He was also a lot of fun go through the process with  -- which was a huge plus!
This was the place!
The complex and unit was everything we'd hoped for!
Loved it so much we moved into the loft upstairs a few months later!
Never have problems with mail pickups and the fitness center/ pool is always clean (though i wish it was heated!).
Gas grills onsite for cooking/ entertaining and complex is pet (and people) friendly!
Local restaurants nearby have become a favorite!
The team was good - 1 team lead pro (rene'), 1 old guy and 1 college kid.
The team lead managed the college kid and kept him on a tight leash.
The old guy rocked - i hope i'm in as good a shape when i'm 60ish.
They did good work and on a 115 degree day only took a couple of short breaks.
They were happy guys and very positive.
Breakage - despite their efforts a picture frame (4' x 2') glass was broken.
They had a guy come pick it up, take it away and get it fixed, and return it.
The company is small.
I spoke with one of the owners (roger?)
When i scheduled and another (derek) when i worked on my broken window issue.
I was extremely pleased with their attitude and friendliness.
I think the get your move on team fits that category and i'd recommend them to others that are moving.
I have to admit that the services my family and i received were simply impeccable.
The crew seem very up beat and had a very positive attitude.
I would you definitely recommend get your move on to all my colleagues.
Plus, i will use them for any future moves.
Keep up the great work!
Used get your move on again.
This experience was just a good as the first time.
I would recommend anyone who needs a tough job done to have them help.
Crew has been so good each time.
Thanks get your move on
We had get your move on move us out of our house last year, packing everything for storage.
They recently delivered everything from the storage unit to our new home.
I can't recommend the firm highly enough.
Definitely a firm that goes above and beyond, so a five star rating,
I lived here for six months and did not enjoy my stay at all.
I was trying to find a short term rental so i could buy a home.
This happened to be close to work and family.
It turned into a nightmare.
When i first moved in there were no screens on two of the windows.
Since i had a cat i requested they be added for safety.
And it leaked all over my brand new tv and computer equipment.
And we all know the apartment complex was not going to cover it.
That i would not be getting my deposit back.
How was a hole due to water leaking my fault?
I told them three times about that.
I will never recommend this place to anyone unless they want to live in a rat hole!
Get your move on was terrific to work with and did a terrific job.
Troy, jordan, arturo and matt were highly professional.
Could not be more pleased.
The leasing and maintenance staff are friendly and motivated to take care of you!
We've been here less than a month and we dig it!
(did i mention it's quiet?))
Fantastic experience with moving residence locally in scottsdale.
On time, excellent service, nice workers to work with.
No damages and cared well for my items.
Would definitely use again and recommend their services highly.
This is a great moving company!!
Derek greene was very fair and straight forward.
He has very good people who were conscientious and efficient and did a supper job!
Here are my criteria for this rating: 1.
Honesty (5/5)      a) with valuable items      b) with labor charging 2.
Management (administrative aspect of the move) (5/5)  1.
They were brought to our attention immediately.
B) labor charging since they were paid by the hour, working slowly could have meant more pay.
However, these guys gave their best effort to get the work done as quickly as possible.
Your experience may vary, since it depends on their travel time, and time to complete their previous job.
In any case, the movers gave us a 20 minute warning call before they arrived.
Management roger (manager/owner) accommodated my move at the very last minute after my previous moving arrangement reneged on our agreement.
He was able to get me a booking with less than 24 hrs notice!
In addition, he called me after the move to ensure the service met my expectations.
I have dealt with many moving companies, and this was by far the best experience i have had.
Once again had chris and parrish!
On time, quick, friendly and efficient!
Thanks for another  awesome job!
My team (frank and juan) were amazing.
They showed up ready to work.
They were energenic and funny.
Get your move on sent us pictures and a short profile of the men.
From start to finish was a complete success.
I would definitely recommend and use this company again.
I used them because of a groupon i purchased.
I thought they were a bit expensive esp since i was moving less than five miles.
Not sure if they charged more because of the groupon?
Other than that they were great.
Arrived right on time were very fast and efficient, unlike others i have hired.
They actually worked together to be quick.
The guys were very nice.
If price is not an issue i would highly recommend them.
Everything was in tact at my final destination.
I used these guys to move and i was so disappointed.
I had $2700 in cash go "missing" from my house.
Instead of trying to make it right, they blamed me.
The money wasn't left out.
We filed a police report but nothing has come from it.
I payed the movers and tipped them over 20%.
It was so disappointing to have this happen with a company that was rated 5 stars.
I had furniture damaged and had to buy a new tv center because they handled the piece so poorly.
I stayed at two different apartments in their 5909 building.
When the lease states a move-in date, it literally means that.
I didn't have the apartment until august 6th but until then they only had the carpet changed.
The apartment was not cleaned.
Also, they tried to squeeze in every penny from our security deposit.
My ex-roommate had magnets on the fridge that left a couple of pink stains on it.
They charged us $531 for that-- the fridge worked fine.
Melita is a much more professional person to speak to but she only works for sherry.
The apartments are not bad but it's very poorly managed.
Miramonte is a decent place to live.
The occupants are nice and almost everyone says hello, it's clean, and it has a great pool set up.
The pool is heated and is surrounded by cabanas features a fire pit, and a spa.
The grounds are clean and well maintained and the maintenance crew is pretty responsive.
There is also plenty of parking which seems always hard to come by in apartment complexes.
The only thing i don't like about this complex is it's proximity to hayden.
Unless you're located on the very west side of the complex you constantly hear traffic.
Not that i needed him to get any better, but bryan has improved his real estate skills dramatically.
I'd highly recommend anyone buying a house to use bryan.
I have lived here for 9 months now and i am really happy with everything.
Before this renovation started the apartments were okay but the community wasn't the best.
There have been so many great changes in the last few months.
The new apartments are fantastic!
The whole complex looks completely different.
All the new neighbors are great and it is truly an amazing place to live.
My move was really expensive, but all in all well, well worth it.
Get your move on really gets your move on!!
They delivered and surpassed all of their promises.
Get your move on with this company.
It is the finest out there.
This company was recommended by a co-worker.
I loved the great reviews.
She ended up hiring another company.
I didn't think all of the positive reviews could be employee family members but i guess i was wrong.
I was looking for a sub-lease to start in may of 2013 and to end in august 2013.
I found an ad on craigslist and signed a lease in november.
The wait time just to get a lease drawn up was pretty long.
Once may rolled around, i had been selected to study abroad.
My dad was awesome enough to drive 6-7 hours just to move my things for me.
Long story short: i had paid rent.
Turns out they applied the check i gave them in may as a credit for june's rent.
What kind of sense does that make?
I signed a lease in november!
If you have a lot of patience, move here.
Newer complex, near unc charlotte campus.
Amenities appear nice but you can't really use them all the time due to "outages."
Simple things, like 'free' wifi often inoperable, meaning one has to use one's own cell phone data.
Supposed utilities being included is a farce, you get billed extra every month.
Rapidly degrading buidlings, shoddy construction, with very poor local management; high turnover of inattentive staff.
Recent notable increase in criminal activity, see other reviews about vandalism, car break-ins, and the like.
Facility is actually owned by a west coast corporation that overrides local staff decisions.
Corporate management has active policy to charge tenants inflated costs to 'refurbish' apartments after move-out, with no recourse.
Fees rapidly equal one months' extra rent!
You have been warned.
I''ve been here over a year now, and managment and maintenance staff continue to be helpful.
It's a great community to live.
This place is a joke.
One issue after another and they never get taken care of.
After complaining for several months, i received a replacement washer/dryer because mine didn't work.
The problem is the "new" one is older than the original and the dryer still doesn't work.
I am so done with complaining to them.
I'm about to hang an ugly clothes line up on my patio.
After looking at other companies with cheaper deals, their yelp ratings were enough to scare us away.
Get your move on definitely deserves their great ratings.
Everyone was very friendly, honest, and extremely helpful.
Moving in itself can be such a pain, but these guys definitely helped to make the process much more bearable.
This company made our across the valley move low stress!
We have made many types of moves over the last few years.
(across county to across town)  this is the least stressful move so far.
The guys took care of our things and were sensitive to the extreme stress of moving.
I highly recommend get your move on for all your moving needs.
I will be using them again.
Lmao $173 to fill in nail holes and paint a 1 bedroom 1 bath 760 sq ft apartment.
I owe you guys money?
Do not live here, trust me!
Everyone around them has complained because their deliveries come in at anytime they please.
3a and 5a are their favorite times to do it.
I will shout to the world not to live here.
There is hair and nasty marks painted into the wall, mainly in the bathroom.
Welcome to brookfield apartments, one place i will never return and advise others against.
You will regret living here- one star cuz i can't put 0!
This company favors their guest relations over everything!
I called and in less than an hour management found a solution to the problem.
Seriously that saved us about $55 for the extra person and they got the job done fast!
They wrapped every single thing in wrap or pads.
We finally got to our destination which was about 45 minutes away.
They were kind and unloaded the entire truck quickly.
So we finally went inside and were hanging around for 20 minutes.
Then, after we expected they were gone they come back to have me speak to the manager.
These guys are the best thing in town.
They are not like two men and a truck, they are premium movers they move high quality high value items.
And they made this a super easy move even when i was in the middle of my midterm week!
Therefore, for my personal move, i engaged the moving and storage services of get your move on.
I have and will continue to recommend get your move on to my clients without hesitation.
You have to smell each machine before you start and hope one of the better ones is open.
I'm going to start going to a laundromat so my clean clothes will actually smell clean.
A previous manager told me "it's apartment living; what do you expect?"
Roaches became a problem for a year after the flood, but they do seem to be gone for now.
3)  in general the common areas just aren't kept up like they used to be.
The look of the place keeps declining, but, again, the price goes up.
It's getting more crowded (bringing more trash and mess) because more people are packing into each unit.
With prices rising everywhere because of these greedy gentri-slumlords, people are sharing rent with others more and more.
Get your move on was so awesome!!
They made this move so easy for me.
The crew was outstanding.
They were prompt, professional, and courteous.
They moved my items with care.
I highly recommend get your move on!!!
I emailed three times to get my pro-rated amount for my last month since i was not renewing my lease.
No response...and when they finally responded??
You had notice the day i moved in!"
"yeah, but you don't have our form with our staff signatures on it."
I did that immediately.
She is telling me i will be penalized because the 30 day notice that "takes care of my lease dates"?
Is not listed as being available so they aren't advertising it to get anyone in here...it's a joke.
Then you should have given it to me then.
Maybe management needs to read their own documents!!!
To have griselda and cary call me and "threaten" monetary penalties for a lease term that doesn't exist??
And ofelia email me several times telling me i have to give 60 days?
Low, people, despicable and low.
I was very impressed overall with get your move on.
They were clean professional and worked their butts off.
They took unexpected care of our fragile items and packed everything very well.
I was very impressed.
Their estimator assured me that they always estimate high, but their "high" estimate was way short.
I do not feel like they were trying to take longer to charge me more!
These guys worked hard and worked very fast, and there is no way they could have finished any faster.
I am very happy with the service i received, including the value i got for what i was charged.
Thank you gymo, i will be highly recommending you!!
On time and packed everything carefully, but expensive.
If you are thinking of renting here do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
I've been here 3 years and it's really gone down hill.
The constant turn over and incompetents in the front office alone is bad enough.
They let my ac leak for two weeks before they fixed it.
As a result they had to rip out part of my ceiling.
When they did there was obvious black mold.
Now they refuse to have someone come test for mold.
They manager told me it cost too much....
This place is now a dump and a complete joke.
Glad my lease is almost up!
The grounds are well kept and have a beautiful resort feel to it.
The pool and the cabanas pop out very beautifully in the center of the units.
If for any reason we did have any problems, nicole and the staff were on it right away.
Pros: -beautiful units; from the tile, to the kitchen, to the bathrooms, to the very spacious bedrooms with spacious closets!
Truly she is the best!
Cons: - parking (the only reason i stated i enjoyed almost everything above) parking is extremely horrible after 4pm.
Overall i would highly recommend living at bloom 24!
If it wasn't for some life changing events that occurred i would have happily renewed my lease.
If you're looking in the area, honestly look no further.
You wont be disappointed!
I just moved to the states and loved them!
They were quick and efficient.
They don't drag out the work either.
Also, when they finish they ask you if you want anything moved (if you don't like where it's placed).
Would highly recommend them!
Not happy with how management has been approaching issues on the property.
The new manager here shows no common courtesy and fails to communicate properly to residents.
James would tell me excuse after excuse as to why our bathroom was not done.
He told me that it would be a few days and it ended up turning into two weeks!
What was really frustrating was that he rarely called about the status of the bathroom.
I had to go to the office several times and ask myself!
It seemed like my issue was not important to him and he doesn't value my time.
I also do not enjoy looking at a mattress that's been sitting by the dumpster for over a month now.
I had an entire office of furniture to move on the wednesday before thanksgiving.
The estimator figured the job would require two trucks and 6-8 hours and gave a fair estimate.
Robert and his crew arrived the next day and worked tirelessly to get the job done.
Robert even figured out how to consolidate all my furniture into one truck!
It saved me over $1,000 off the estimate!
I would absolutely use them again and recommend that others do the same.
I'm starting to wonder if moving here was a big mistake.
Hhp has always worked with me on things i have needed.
Maintenance is very polite and always knocks before entering.
I have even had the pleasure of speaking with mr. halsband himself over the phone and he is extremely friendly!
Also, my favorite person of all is james..
He is the kindest man you will ever encounter and he's always around to help with anything !
This was my first time living alone and it's been super easy because i did it with hhp.
Rent is definitely affordable too !
I recommend anyone looking to live in apartments with character on the eastside of pittsburgh to give them a try.
Bloom 24 is a great place to live if you are a thirty something professional.
I want more cool neighbors!
James has been doing a great job with the upkeep!
I recommend those units!
I lived here for 1.5 years.
I never had hot water in the kitchen, try rinsing off plates with cold water.
I never used the laundry room.
It was messy most of the time.
The office has regular a/c put the apartments are an evaporative cooler system.
The apartments are very damp because of the evap-cooler.
Stay away if you have mold allergies.
I got along ok with the office staff but someone constantly would go into my apartment when i wasn't home.
I still do not know what the plates were for.
Before i moved the headboard magically glued itself together.
I would come home to find different light bulbs in the range hood, lower wattage to save electricity.
The refrigerator seem to shut off at night time.
My food was always spoiling in the frig much quicker than other places.
So much for utilities included.
It appeared to cover a moldy spot.
One day i noticed the cement was gone and the plastic flooring was glued to the subfloor.
They did a million dollar restore on this place but it was just cosmetic.
The paint on the cabinets would come off when they were wiped.
The counter tops were covered with an epoxy coating.
I lived in a studio apartment on the second level.
It just shows how you will get odors and sound from the neighbors.
I would never rent here again.
I am so much happier now that i moved from the area.
It was starting to concern me because the area was becoming unsafe.
I'm a single woman and having so much activity in my apartment when i wasn't there was frightening.
I'm going to be short and sweet.
Staff is uninformed and under qualified.
Security is non existent, gate remains open nearly 24/7.
Cars broken into constantly and even in one case one was stolen.
I know it's college living but the residents are loud until 3a.m.
Pavlov media supplies internet and cable.
Internet is down multiple times a week and pavlov's customer support is essentially useless.
Uses a third party billing company for electricity.
This company is not bbb accredited and has a long list of unethical business practices.
If you sign a lease, just know you are stuck with this billing company for a year.
They are charging us $50 extra a month per person for electricity.
We keep our a/c off and are in class for the entire day, we did not use this much electricity.
Currently looking into a legal investigation against this company (conservice).
Insane amount of speed bumps.
Not the kind that are easy on the car either.
Over an extended period of time this will cause unusual wear and tear on your suspension.
Rates go up every year.
Luckily i am not living here next year so i don't have to worry about that.
Sad excuse for management.
My recommendation is to look into renting a house.
Booked with very short notice a small move (well what i thought was small - likely closer to medium).
Roger called very quickly to schedule and we got the move done on saturday.
Chris and clinton were incredibly professional, efficient and pleasant to talk to - would highly recommend!
I couldn't be happier because they both care the way nicole did.
Great staff and excellent place to live!
Right in the heart of phoenix  and within 15 mins of all your travel locations including asu.
So stop by and you'll won't be disappointed!!
Without question the best movers i've ever used.
They showed up 10 min early and the final price was spot on by the way.
It could've easily been more by the way.
Was "mostly prepared" for the move.
These guys worked non stop from start to finish.
Even helped me finish packing.
My furniture was carefully layered with moving blankets then shrink wrap.
I had a few pieces of art they paid special attention to.
Honestly it's everything i wanted from a moving company.
Sadly, it's the service i've never received from their competitors.
I would definitely recommend them for any moving job large or small.
After my experience of never consider using anyone else.
I have lived here now my second year and i love it here.
It's near alot of shopping centers.
The neighbors are amazing and respect one another.
It's always clean and you have just about everything here.
Washers, pool, and a small gym.
The office staff about 6 months ago wasnt the best but now the team they have is great.
There always on top of things and try and respond as fast as they can.
I would definitely recommend living here to anyone thats interested.
Its quiet and not crazy like your usual apartments.
These guys were very professional.
They worked efficiently and did not waste any time.
I felt confident that my furniture was in excellent hands.
I've never, ever, given a five star review to a moving company, and we've moved a lot.
My husband was military, so i know a mess that movers can make of a move.
Get your move on was fabulous.
I mean really amazing.
They brought 8 guys in to pack up my home and they were done in six hours.
The next day, we did the big move.
They had everything, including furniture out of the house in two hours.
11 guys, each one working constantly.
And i can't say enough about how polite and conscientious they were.
They truly had our best interests at heart.
They are the only moving company i would ever use from now on.
And with all that, they still came in far below budget.
I highly recommend them.
I was a bit messy in college so i don't really know if it was entirely their fault.
They took care of any other problems i had and the place was pretty clean.
I rented through hunsinger and liked them better but i wouldn't not rent through roland again.
It's so worth the time and money to hire these guys.
Ronnie and miles were efficient and moved my furniture as if it was theirs.
They came early, introduced themselves, and did what they had to do.
I know we'll be moving again in the near future and will definitely use gymo again!
I felt really taken care of and appreciated all the effort, care and follow up he provided.
He is your advocate and makes sure you are totally happy!
I would definitely recommend him to anyone.
I wish i could give 10 stars!!
I know it's a cliche but its so true.
These guys absolutely rock!!
I had arturo, jordan and matthew and couldn't  have been happier with all 3.
From the first phone call to gymo to the final paperwork,  outstanding service.
The were able to move a heavy bulky dresser up that staircase with ease!
I actually told them to not worry about it, but they insisted!!
I only wish we would have recorded them so i could post the video.
My friends gave them a standing ovation!!
The guys were accommodating, respectful, friendly, super hard working...
I don't have enough adjectives to describe them.
The office staff were the same!!
They took care of all the small details with my apartment community.
It was an absolute pleasure to work with everyone at gymo!!
We used get your move on for a local move back in 2012.
I contacted get your move on a little late in the game.
The quote was consistent with what we ended up paying.
The movers were professional and very hard working.
They were friendly and clearly knew what they were doing.
I made sure to provide them with water and a well deserved tip.
This place actually is the worst.
If zero stars was an option, i would do it.
For one, the entire year the staff was so rude while doing their job.
Like, i'm sorry i asked you to get me a package even though it's your job??
The place was always dirty, don't think they ever cleaned the hallways, staircases, etc.
Also the hot tub was absolutely disgusting and so cloudy you couldn't even see the bottom.
The utilities bill at the end of the month at the end of the year was 4x the price.
Also the security deposits were literally stolen from us for such bullshit reasons.
Last place i would ever live again.
3 guys (supervisor, 2 staff) showed up in 24 ft truck.
Sup worked as hard as other staff.
Very polite and professional.
Reviewed what will be done, and rates involved.
Furniture wrapped well with blankets and wrap.
Truck loaded very well.
They assembled bed and sectional couch.
Rate was very fair.
My son just drove 15 hours from denver and the keys to his apt.
That were supposed to be with security weren't there!
This moving company was super friendly and professional.
They responded quickly and respectfully to our questions and concerns.
I highly recommend them for local or longer distance moves.
They moved us from scottsdale to northern california.
I use the swimming pool here when our heated outdoor pool is being maintained.
However, the gate's lock is always a hassle to unlock.
Both times i've let management know that the key, or lock, needs to be replaced.
The pool is irregular in shape, so it's hard to get a decent exercise.
I finally opted to just swim the perimeter.
I thought that was fantastic to have that one issue addressed right away.
I very much appreciated your help!
I lived here for one yr, as i rearly ever have hot water!
I also have water leaks under bathroom sink & kitchen sink.
The shower drains very slow, flooding!
On multiple occasions i have had trouble with trouble and their policies.
Including but not limited to the one that has forced me to write this review.
Even when i told him this he still questioned me like i was lying to him.
He apparantly works for roland and was investigating water on the ceiling of a lower apartment, which is fine.
This should not happen.
This is just me personal experience with this joint.
If negative stars were available, i'd give -3.
Rats in the ventilation for 2 years.
Constantly complained about it with nothing done other than them setting traps and saying "we are taking care of it".
One died on the intake vent/filter and bled down to the ground right in front of the sink.
Rat poop is dangerous in ventilation where fecal dust is spread throughout the apartment.
2 over-flowing dumpsters for the whole complex.
Washers and dryers take many months to get fixed, if ever.
A/c barely cools the apt.
Adjusting the temp does nothing.
There is one temp.....warm.
Price is wayyyyy too much for this little ass apt.
Cleaned the apt top-bottom for 2 days before moving out and they still charged me a 90 "cleaning fee"  crooks.
That place was cleaner than when we first moved in.
Management always has excuses and never accepts any responsibility for anything.
Oh and the 1 set of neighbors that stuck around longer than 6 months were awesome!!!
I have pictures of everything including how the apt.
Looked when we moved out.
Pictures of rats, the blood the poop....everything.
My personal opinion is to stay away from this place.
This was and will be my only exposure to apartment life.
Thx bloom 24 and living well homes for the sour taste.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
We moved here because of location and the fact that it had a washer/dryer.
Too bad the washer/dryer don't work.
We have started fixing things ourselves.
This place has changed management several times in the past couple of months too.
I can't wait for my lease to be up so i can get us out of here.
The hot tub isn't hot and the jets never works.
Signing a lease here was easily the worse decision i have ever made in my life.
All they care about is your money, and finding new ways to finesse any extra dollar they can from you.
If you decide to sign your life away and live here, please don't choose the 12th floor.
Like this if you want an edited version with specific names so you know i'm not lying or exaggerating.
Dont get suckered into the roof top pool and other amenities.
You will hate the james.
After some time being here you will feel like your in prison.
The concrete box feel apartments are depressing.
The pool and hot tub is always qhetto trash in it.
Any friends you have visit you will have to take elevator to let them in and then take them out.
It's a fire hazard.
You could get trapped if the key phob system doesnt work.
You're on camera everywhere you go.
The grills sound cool too but there always broke and gross
Let me start off by saying, i do not live in the james.
However, my girlfriend does, and this place is a mess!
I don't even know where to start!!
Back in the early spring, one of the three elevators stopped working with 10 residents inside.
Now, this does happen from time to time in large apartments, but the way the management handled it was pitiful.
We only found out about the issue through a local news story (https://madison.com/news/local/crime/people-rescued-from-faulty-elevator-in-downtown-apartment-building/article_e668df91-9d89-5661-a3a9-a635f35e4708.html).
As if that weren't bad enough, the rules with the rooftop hot tub aren't explicitly advertised.
Anytime there is a problem, the management seems to take ages to fix it.
None of the issues brought up seem to actually matter to them.
Your team has been great!!
Lupe and priscilla have been a pleasure to work with.
Lupe was so kind and very knowledgeable when i came in to the office yesterday.
She also has been very quick with responses and getting the move-in process quickly started.
I have spoken with priscilla over the phone multiple times today and she has been so kind, courteous, and helpful.
I appreciate all your help.
I look forward to moving to your complex!
Thanks for all your help!
Sincerely,   an excited new tenant
Overall as a business they employ shady, at best, business practices.
They will try to screw you the minute you sign a lease.
Do not sign a lease with this company.
Look them up on unified justice portal for pennsylvania.
Again... do not rent from these people.
They are a predatory company with an owner that does not have the balls to even face you.
If i have an opportunity to stay in champaign, i will definitely go for this gentry apartment.
You can't be disappointed.
You can't beat the staff and personal touches offered by gentry square apartments.
The apartments are also updated and modern and kept up by the excellent maintenance staff.
The complex includes new gas grills and updated shared spaces, including a dog park.
If you're looking for a quiet, safe, and friendly community, this is the place to be.
Why do we rarely post positive reviews?
Or is this because i am new to yelp?
Ok, rhetorical question completed.
The guys from get your move on have defined quality in moving.
It began with derrick's efforts to communicate all of the steps in the process, what i should expect, etc.
I sincerely appreciated his contact and follow up calls.
The movers that came out (ron, and 2 other guys) were phenomenal.
Wrapping all of our furniture in pads to protect their exterior was key.
Rolling dollies and wheeled carts in and out could have caused numerous scratches, not with these guys.
I am thoroughly impressed with the guys that came to our home.
Their rates are competitive with anyone in the valley for their level of service.
I made a freaking yelp account just to say how trash this place is.
Mind you, i don't live in charlotte but three hours away.
Then when i do move in, my key doesn't work.
They let students handle the front desk and they don't know what they are doing.
Don't let the side attractions like the pool and all that blind you.
The apartments are small for the high price and the staff is trash.
I hate this place.
Don't move here for your sakes.
I certainly wish i didn't
:)   i was looking for a place but instead right in the heart of gentry square i found a "home."
Being born and raised in champaign il, i lived in many places/apartments.
She was very nice, kind, welcoming and very professional.
She showed that she takes pride in her job, team, community and most of all her residents.
While i was given a tour tawn shared everything one would need and want to know before making any decisions.
Nor did i hesitate.
My main question was "when can i move in?"
Just over all amazing!!!!!
I give a full 5 stars if i could give more i would give 100
As a parent paying my student's rent at this place, my advice to other parents is "just sat no."
It's a poorly (read cheaply) constructed luxury priced building.
Lots of things breaking or not installed correctly in this their first year open.
And the basics are not taken care of.
Move in/ out bins broken?
Your student will be dazzled by the rooftop pool and ingore the tiny bedroom.
Beautiful and well taken care of apartment.
Front office staff is so nice and try their best to assist.
The property is always clean and quiet.
Maintenance is a little slow but over all we didn't have too many issues.
Never saw a bug or had to complain about neighbors.
The street in front is a bit noisy even at night.
Prepare to be ripped off if you have dealings with this company, you will never see your deposit again.
You should see their excuse sheet for stealing your deposit.
From beginning to end our move was a breeze with juan and david!
We moved in july and the heat was the typical 110 out.
They came ready to work and never stopped or complained once.
They had fun very good energy and enjoyable to be around.
They were so efficient in the way they moved and worked so well together as a team.
Hands down juan and david knocked it out of the park!
Thank you so much to get your move on!
Would recommend to anyone and everyone!
Great service and great people!
If you're looking for a reliable, dependable, affordable and professional moving company, give these guys a call.
My elderly mother was moving from the house she'd lived in for 20+ years to an apartment.
Sammy couldn't have been more helpful answering her questions, doing the estimate, and setting up the moving date.
Get your move on took the stress out of moving.
We were referred to get your move on as we were in a difficult situation.
Our purchase was delayed and there was a gap between our sale and our purchase.
Derek and his team had to come back out an requote and make numerous accommodations for us.
Our closing was pushed several times and derek and his team was with us every step of the way.
This does not even mention the professional staff who picked up our stuff and delivered without a hitch.
I cannot recommend get your move on enough.
If you do not utilize this company for your moving needs, you are making a huge mistake.
There is not a comparable company that i have encountered in my 13 years in the business.
They are communicative, and treat every move as if it were their own.
Five stars is not enough.
I was thinking of that missy elliot song back in 2001, but i digress...
I couldn't argue with these wonderful guys!
I chilled and let them work.
Roger was very accommodating most of all *highfive*.
As i quickly unpacked, anything that could be broken....remained intact :).
They kept their promise.
Con: not doing business with gymo sooner.
Every moving company should exemplify this standard of professionalism as gymo has.
Do not move here.
The apartments are newly renovated and look nice, but that's where it stops.
At night if you walked into the kitchen and turned on the light, the counter would move with bugs.
The worst part though is the management.
We moved in when james was manager and he was great, but then management changed many different times.
They charged us $150 for the tub resurfacing.
Long story short, just pick somewhere else.
It's honestly just not worth it to deal with bad management and poor customer service once you move in.
I located get your move on on yelp.
He assured me they would take great care of us and that we would have a positive experience.
The day of the move, i of course did not have everything packed.
I seriously don't think any of the guys even took a break until the truck was fully loaded.
You know how many moving companies claim that you can just sit back and let them do all the work?
The unload went just as well.
I told the owner of the company that i have never had such a great experience with movers.
Thank you yelpers for the reviews that helped me to find get your move on and protect our belongings.
Consistent negligence, carelessness, and irresponsibility are a few words that come to mind.
To provide a brief overview of the problems i've been having: - very cheaply built.
Bedrooms are extremely small!
I'm an incredibly clean and meticulous person.
I get a bill for a significant sum to "make repairs."
They still have not replied to me!
Whenever i try to call, i do not get an answer and the voicemail box seems to be constantly full.
- there were empty wine and beer bottles on the patio when i moved in.
What am i paying for?
And if i want to make a one-time payment, the program charges me $20.
You have to pay just to pay!
Oh but there is a direct debit option, where it charges you $1 per transaction.
But, if i try to use that option starting with the month my rent is due, that month isn't there.
I would only expect the same in return!
I'm not an avid review-writer, but i want to prevent others from going through a process like this.
Change needs to be made, acc, i have many suggestions.
Omg, so unprofessional attitude.
I schedule someone to come out an give me an estimate yesterday at 8 am.
I waited and had to get to work after they were late.
So rescheduled for today at 8 am.
Sat here 45 minutes and another no show so called the company.
Ryan answered the phone and when i recounted the two appointments replied, "yes, that is right".
My realtor with reality executives recommended this mover to all his scottsdale clients.
I passed on my disappointment.
I lived at 1105 w oregon.
The property was always very clean despite how messy i am.
In addition, maintenance was always very good about fixing various issues in the apartment in a timely manner.
Can't beat the location, as well!
I'm a bit sad that i'll have to move out of this lovely apartment at the end of the summer!
I'm honestly shocked by the poor reviews on this page.
I have been an meb resident for 7 months and had nothing but positive, quick, helpful response from them.
I rent a single family home and any and all situations have been dealt with swiftly.
They had a repair man out here within an hour!
And the a/c guy was a sweetheart to boot!
I couldn't be happier with my experience with meb and would recommend them to anyone!
Unethical, greedy, poor management to say the least.
See fairways on green valley review for letter.
Ignored security issues, gunshots included by pool across from our building even - ignored!
Still no security we supposedly pay for nor pest control we pay for.
But we deserve better.
If i could give it no stars i would!
When we moved we made the mistake by not double checking the apartment before signing the lease.
So we signed and then saw the dumpster of an apartment that it is.
There was mold and feces on the toilet!
On the side of it!!!
All the wood trim was broken, the walls looked like my five year old niece and nephew painted it.
The carpet had multiple stains and it smelled bad.
Even though estefanie one of the staff ladies agreed with us on the horrible condition.
The property manager was very nasty when we went and spoke about the conditions.
She told us "we are not going to change the.
Story every time someone new moves in.." nope.
They will just take it out on the next residence.
Now fast forward to getting our deposit back and of course they don't want to refund it.
Even though we spent two days cleaning and exchanging the blinds, the stove top and repainting the house.
We were making sure it was better than what they gave us.
They charged us for a dirty fridge, stove and of course the carpet!!!!
They never apologized and had a terrible attitude through the whole conversation.
On top of that maintence was creepy and unprofessional.
They watch you like your fresh meat and are super nosey.
The service here is just garbage!
If you don't like dealing with people, then customer service shouldn't be for you!
Career change ladies, just a suggestion.
Sincerely,  not a future resident.
I just had the most amazing customer service.
But i'll start with two weeks ago when my husband and i moved to a two bedroom apartment.
So let's fast forward to three days ago.
The dishwasher in the old apt was so quiet i sometimes didn't know it was going.
So i called the office and asked, really nicely, if it was at all possible to swap them out.
No harm in asking, right?
He had his new trainee scott with him and they did and incredible job!
Jay is always professional, knowledgeable and efficient!
Do not i repeat do not trust meb.
Their tactics are intimidating and improper.
Don't be afraid to go toe to toe with them.
One block to unlv!!
The point on flamingo is a 190 unit property that is currently under total renovation.
The exterior is being redone and every unit is being remodeled.
The property will be fully fenced and gated.
Affordable rates for students.
If you want to walk to school and be close to everything, consider living at the point on flamingo.
Come in for a tour and see the model.
Renovated units ready now before classes start.
I just moved to this place so far i love it.
The staff there are very friendly and doing great jobs.
Great jobs guys i wish i can give you guys mores stars
Since then i have gotten divorced and moved into a smaller unit.
I couldn't be happier with the unit.
I actually like it much better than the two bedroom two bath platinum unit i was in.
Since my transfer to a smaller unit there has been changes with the front office staff.
The manager theresa has been great!!
She helped make the transition to the new unit very smooth as well as did the new leasing agent manijeh.
Both of them have made it to be an effortless move.
Marty is the new assistant manager and he is awesome!!
Marty is on top of his game and i really appreciate his assistance with the outstanding monies owed.
All i can say is the front office staff has been great!
I lived here for a little over a year.
The office staff is awful and tries to find ways to literally steal from you.
So, we waited and when the time came they said no its 60 days.
I showed then the flyer and they had nothing to say.
They tricked us into paying an extra month.
Now, they are billing us for routine things like carpet cleaning although they said we didn't need to do it.
Seriously... don't live here.
The company is awful.
The on site staff is awful.
I'm the kind of person who knows and follows rules set in place, but it doesn't matter.
They found ways to screw me over anyway.
The grounds maintenance was always very loud early in the morning.
It just isn't in a good part of town.
Amazing place to live!!!
We have a great dane and she loves the dog park!
Everyone here is so friendly and we love how close it is to downtown!
The complex and the team working here are great.
The maintenance team led by bryan roberts are always johnny-on-the-spot, even on sunday mornings.
Morgan, ashley, and the office team are great too.
Outstanding place to live, and very good value for such a good location.
I have not lived in a apartment setting in years.
Yet when it came time to move, i found a complex managed by meb.
My experience was great the office staff was professional, i never had an issue.
I will recommend meb to anyone looking to move into an apartment community.
I truly miss the professionalism of jenny s (complex manager) and the maintenance staff associated with meb..
I would love to move back into another meb community.
To experience that atmosphere of professionalism once again.. keep up the excellent work meb properties
I've lived at camden for over a year now and i've had nothing but great experiences here.
The staff are always super friendly, frequently coming up with activities and offerings to keep residents engaged.
My maintenance request are always handled promptly.
The grounds are well kept and the pool area is beautiful.
Very convenient location as well for walking downtown.
Jay adrian is incredibly helpful around the complex.
He is very prompt, thorough, and always sure that whatever you need done is done how you like it.
He's a great member of the camden team and the place is better because of him!
I love my apartment.
All of my neighbors are nice.
It's a quiet complex, which i also love.
There seems to be a lot of families and kids.
There are multiple pools and laundry facilities as well.
I have lived here for about 6 months now and have nothing but good things to say!
The staff is amazing and always so helpful!
Maintenance requests get fixed shortly after being entered.
The office staff is always so friendly and helps with whatever is needed.
Camden is constantly making improvements to the already great complex.
They take the input of residents to heart and make changes/additions we wish to see!
Thanks for being awesome camden :)
We love living here.
Compared with other places, it's a good value for the cost.
Wireless internet throughout the public areas, close to downtown, beautiful pool and entrance.
The staff have been responsive, repairing both emergent and nonemergent requests quickly.
There's frequent restaurant meals, happy hours, holiday parties, and other promotions at little to no cost.
We often use the pool, business center, front sitting area, and common living area.
We have a huge home at our disposal for the price of rent.
If i could i'd give this complex zero stars, i absolutely would.
The buildings are old and infested with roaches.
Worse though, is the staff and the inadvertent way they will try to screw their tenants out of money.
Every month living here has been worse than the month before.
Armondo and the rest of the staff or uninformed and unapologetic.
Their actions feel borderline criminal.
Do not live here.
You will be miserable and you will get cheated out of money.
Great group of front office staff.
The manager dee made the whole rental process smooth and easy.
Manijeh was always polite, helpful and friendly.
Jerome was also extremely helpful.
The apartment i moved into is flawless.
I am truly impressed with the service i have received thus far.
Regarding riverview condos in mesa, one word, scam.
Now she holding us up for an extra $950.
This is so unethical.
We're told by the corporate office that there's nothing they can do because of arizona law.
I would not support anybody's decision to live in this complex.
Apartment office and maintenance are so rude and houses are really old.
We started to have really bad roach problems last a few months.
And i paid my rent in the 4th.
They charged me 51 dollars late fee.
Dont move in this place.
Worst place to live...
I agree with some previous comments about being understaffed.
I finally spoke to someone today and the responses were pretty generic.
Starting the first month we were here we've had issues with unannounced workers showing up to make repairs.
So imagine getting dressed in the morning to find strangers walking around your back yard.
No matter how many times i complain about this it happened again last week.
Not the first time but the 3rd.
As far as timely repairs.... were talking weeks if not months and never communication about what is going on.
Remember without renters (customers) you have no business.
Ok so it's a day after i wrote this rant and vented my frustrations to kelly at meb.
So today someone shows up unannounced to do a survey on the pool.
I'm working from home today, answered the door and allowed him access to the yard.
Funny i just spoke to kelly yesterday about scheduling workers.
Was this one scheduled?
He even told me that he was instructed to enter the property if no one answered the door!
Whats wrong with you people?
Do you value no ones privacy?
Lowered rating to 1 star.
Would go lower but i don't know how.
Oh yea and doing my research she flat out lied to me about 2 things we talked about yesterday.
But hey if you don't know the answer just make one up.
Thourouly disgusted and disappointed with the practices at this company.
Eh im sad i have to even give them one star.
Thier front end office people are horrible, rude and disrespectful.
Its not worth it honestly.
?then yesterday we got a note on our door saying it was time for pest extermination tomorrow!
Being in the business development department, i constantly strive to expand my networking relationships among the community.
Meb immediately made a donation that will be going to a wonderful non-profit organization, the tucson musicians museum.
Great business is based on impactful and positive relationships.
I highly recommend meb management services!
I have lived here for over two years now and i cannot wait to move out!!
They have continuously gotten worse and worse.
The office doesn't accept packages anymore and now you are unable to have any guests park without notifying them.
It makes no sense!
I have lived in multiple apartments across the valley and this is by the far the worst place now.
Rent has continued to increase as well and the benefits have severely decreased.
I would not recommend this place at all.
If there was a way to make it negative i would.
Scam artist is what you are.
Very cheap apartment complex, petty with money and minor fixes.
I'm disgusted with this place.
You should all be ashamed of yourselves.
I hope u sleep well at night.
I was so excited when i drove on to the property last year, it was green and beautiful!
Then i moved in, and regretted it immediately.
Mj and raffy were the reason i signed a lease at this apartment complex.
I had looked at an apartment down the street and it was cheaper but i didn't like the office staff.
Mj and raffy made my lease experience amazing!
They are funny, prompt, and genuinely care about their residents.
Armondo was by far the most horrible excuse for a manager i have ever seen.
The cops are on the property on a daily basis if not multiple times a day.
I could go on but why?
Nothing is perfect, and i understand that!
Now for some positive: i love my apartment!!
It's large and has a great lay out, and an amazing walk in closet!
(yes the other comments are true things are fixed poorly, and quickly instead of properly.)
When i complained that the grounds were dirty they did get the maintenance guys out to clean every day.
Even though i joke and say i live in the ghetto, i never feel unsafe.
They have a newer maintenance guy (young, mexican) and he is very nice and very helpful!
In the end my experience at coral point would have been much better if the office staff wasn't so nasty.
I thank mj so much for always being a smiling friendly face!!
She has always been prompt with my request, and made things right when others in the office didn't.
I like my apartment, and i like how convenient it is to tempe maket place and the mesa riverside.
I miss this place after living in roosevelt square for only two months.
This place is horrible!
Please pay attention to this review because i made the biggest mistake and did not listen to the others!!
That makes me only assume they never called for a tech so we mention again and nothing!
A third time we request and nothing!
Its obvious this place only wants money and o can not wait until my lease is up!
I promise to the lord that i am not lying about this.
Stay away from coral point apartments its a low end scam i would never recommend anyone here.
I'm sorry coral point and i hope to god you see this.
You need to get your shit straight or lose your damn license to rent units to people!
You do not know how to run a complex!!!!!
My husband and i have been living in crosswinds apartments in chandler az.
We are not very happy with the extermination that has been going on for roaches.
)there were holes behind our stove in the wall where they were coming from!
We are frankly getting tired of dealing with this issue and it should not be our problem!
I lived here for about 1 year back in 2009.
Great location, the 1 bed/1bath was perfect for my first place by myself.
I liked the wood style floor in the kitchen and big bathroom with full sized washer and dryer in it.
I used the workout room every day.
Never got a chance to use the pool, but it looked nice enough.
Maintenance was responsive and fixed my garbage disposal the same day i called.
Felt very safe in a gated community.
Lived in this apartment complex for 2 years (jul2014-aug2016).
When we moved in it was like the place was never cleaned.
The kitchen cabinets had dead bugs inside and the floor was covered in thick dirt.
It was like no one had lived there in years.
This usually led to taking out another money order for like 10 cents or something dumb.
No one could ever give us the same answer.
Well recently we got our list of fees after moving out.
We didn't get our $225 deposit back.
The place was in pretty much the same condition as move-in day.
Aside from not getting our deposit back, we were charged $240 for "full paint/full cabinets" and paint itself separately!
At the move-out inspection the maintenance guy said the whole unit was going to get upgraded anyway.
Another ridiculous charge was for pet treatment.
We never had a pet!
We let the office manager know and she said she would fix it.
But she had the updated list of fees on her system and told me the pet charge was taken off.
I looked at the charges and the damn pet fee is still there!
We replied to the email and have yet to hear back.
This place is a huge disappointment and it started with the office staff and their lack of communication.
One of the worst experiences of my graduate life.
Extremely uncourteous staff, tardy and delayed responses to maintenance requests.
Used to face unpredictable internet outages that didn't get rectified for days.
Do not-- i repeat, do not, move in to any apartments owned by this management company.
Lived at madera at metro for 3 short months before i could not handle it anymore.
I literally lived in an apartment that was 90 degrees inside with the ac on full blast for months.
This effected my credit score dramatically.
But lucky me- i documented all of their unlawful acts carefully, and i'll be seeing them in court soon.
I have ran into mistake after mistake with these people and nothing has been done to resolve the issue.
This is the absolute worst community to live in, there are dog droppings everywhere.
This management team is a  disgrace, as i have done everything as a tenant i am suppose to do.
Upon moving day i arrived with my fully loaded moving truck only to find out my apartment wasn't ready.
This was also after i confirmed the apartment was ready the night before.
The only other apartment they could offer was on the second floor which i specifically asked for a first floor.
Do not be fooled by the model.
Also the reason why the other apartment wasn't ready was because of roaches!!!
Furthermore, they advertise this great gym/fitness center....it's a joke!!!
The equipment is about to fall apart and they make you pay an extra $25.00 for the access key!!
If i could give this -5 stars i would in a hea
Nice and quiet, just like the cockroaches like it.
Lots of bed bugs to keep them company too.
Had my apartment sprayed for both 3 times per month while i lived here, but they still kept coming back.
Old appliances which would constantly break.
They would be fixed, but never replaced.
Monthly meth head raids abound within the complex, so you'll never be bored or starved for entertainment.
If you choose to enjoy these things, you'll get a wonderful surprise when you move out.
Don't worry, the move out cost is only your deposit ($150-$300), plus another $400-$500.
Bring your own air filters and other preventive things, as these aren't included.
Air conditioner may or may not work in the summer.
If this place was a designated homeless shelter, it would be an upgrade.
After living at camden for almost 5 years, we finally moved out because of the price hike.
The new renters might be hit with surprise like hidden cost.
I didn't, probably because i saw they start to charging these things, one by one.
), then came valet waste (2008?
), and then cable (2009?).
I only start paying them when i renewed the lease.
The apartment complex size is moderate, about 350 units.
You got to pick the right unit.
For the units facing the pool you have pool rate.
For the ones facing the west, that's the city view price.
Also you don't want the ones next to the dumpster.
There are the ones really need a long walk to the parking lot...
But you have to be quick, because the price is changing every day, the so called market pricing.
Even worse, you never know when your lease ends, how much is the price for the renewal (it's market dependent).
Some of my friends move to another unit every time her lease is up, or nearly up.
If you feel no problem with it, then you might end with very good unit.
I'm lazy, so we only moved once.
However, my rent is still acceptable.
I found that the best time to renewal seems to be close to the end of the year.
So if you are flexible, you can have your lease end at the "right" time.
But to tell the truth, i never figure out.
The overall experience at camden is still good.
To me, the maintenance is the most important aspect, and the maintenance team at camden is fast and responsive.
The emergency, it normally can be fixed at the same day.
We had an ac break-down which took 3 days, and we were given a guest furnished unit for stay.
The parking is also very good.
The cleaning guys are there at wednesday morning, so avoid that time also.
Safety-wise, i feel pretty good.
All cars are old cars with no alarm, two next to my car.
Then i started to see security guys and copper square ambassadors regularly.
In general, the experience is very good.
However, i don't know whether the price will worth that in the future, because we were priced out.
I guess the price won't remain the same after the remodeling.
So good luck for the future renters.
If i could put more stars i would!
I have loved the time i have lived here because the staff rocks!
The office staff, especially bethany and veronica, have always been super awesome and are like family to me.
The maintenance staff is always very timely in completing any service orders.
I love camden copper square!
There are multiple advertisements on this company's website about "service minded professionals" working at kennedy wilson.
Three phone calls not returned and several e-mails later, i can't get an answer to a straightforward question.
You need to work on your service, folks.
I would've left a 5, but i thought that would be misleading since i'm moving out.
Pros: - maintenance is quick, thorough, and polite.
When i had an emergency situation (refrigerator stopped working), they came within a few hours.
- the transition is easy.
-the community, for the most part, is pretty quiet.
I've also never had a problem finding a machine to use in the gym.
- parking is pretty easy.
There's also always more than enough parking spots for guests, which is nice.
It's also nice to be able to walk to downtown (in the winter) and save up on those parking fees.
Footsteps are also pretty loud.
I got used to it quickly, but my friends always note how annoying it is when they come over.
- there are a lot of fees.
My listed rent is around $1200, but with required amenities, utilities, and my cat, i spend about 1600 every month.
Would give zero stars if i could.
Look, if you are looking to move into this complex, please just don't.
First of all, i am not a picky person.
Which my apartment was.
However, the actual apartment wasn't really what turned me off of this complex.
Before we moved to mesa, we got our apartment at coral point locked down.
"mj" and "dee" told us that our apartment would be ready for us to move right on in.
Fast forward to move-in day, we get there and our apartment isn't there.
(how do you lose an entire apartment coral point?
I don't even know what happened.
They were just as confused as we were!
Apparently an apartment was promised to us that shouldn't have been promised.
We were put in a different apartment that we didn't want.
We needed movers as there were only two roommates and a lot of furniture.only one mover was there.
Then there was the issue with the keys...oh boy.
They are supposed to supply everyone with a pool key, game room key, and laundromat key.
We got a game room key only.
We then find out that the pool is locked.
We go to the management and ask them for a key.
They wonder why we "weren't given a key before!"
So do we management, so do we.
Then there comes a day where the laundromat is locked for some reason.
My roommate walks over to the office and asks for help.
They wonder why we "weren't given a laundromat key before!"
Mj gave us a laundromat key.
My roommate goes to the laundromat and the key doesn't work.
The manager comes out and my roommate explains that the key wasn't working and asks for another laundromat key.
The manager takes the key and says, "oh this is a game room key."
She asks mj to please get my roommate a laundromat key.
Mj continued to fight and fight and fight on it, to the point that my poor roommate burst into tears.
Fortunately, the manager walked my roommate over to the laundromat and opened it herself.
Please learn from my mistakes and run away from t his complex as quickly as you can.
And coral point, if you try to write back and justify the poor experience we've had, don't.
I don't want to hear it.
I understand that shit happens and plans fall through, but the extremely poor customer service we've been rendered is unacceptable.
Hold your employees accountable.
I lived here for two years and i wouldn't call my time here an exemplary experience.
The management office is generally pretty bad, due to frequent turnover and unprofessional nature.
Be careful of this place.
I am writing this review because i believe this property is excellent in all specs.
The buildings are beautiful and the rec areas are well done and cleanly.
Bethany helped me get my first home and has been more than delightful to work with.
I love my camden copper square family!
If i could give zero stars i certainly would.
I recently moved to the phoenix area and rented a home from a private owner.
The property was managed by meb rentals.
The entire paperwork process was a joke.
They demanded information from me that no company has ever requested.
Information the united states government never even requested when i joined the marines.
They refused to honor a legal requirement by refusing to waive a security deposit for my nationally recognized service dog.
I gave up the fight after a week because it was not worth the $250.
Upon move in is when things got even worse.
When i had seen the property it had a beautiful green lawn.
When i arrived on move in day it was completely dead.
They had shut the water off all month and had the let the grass go to hell.
The fridge that was supplied does not make ice or dispense water.
Missing cabinet shelves etc.
I had no keys to the mailbox and had to obtain them myself at a cost of $40.
I have been here a month and i still don't have a pool key.
Phoenix az in july with no pool key.
Every time i call it takes them a few days to get back to me.
Every time i ask about something they pass the blame to another person or party.
While i normally hate calling people out by name, i believe their incompetence in this situation warrants such personal recognition.
I have called the manager brandi walsh no less then 10 times and have never got a call back.
If it wasn't so hot out i would consider living on the street under a freeway overpass.
At least then i would not have to deal with the nonsense and unprofessional-ism that is meb rentals.
If you have other options, look into staying at a property run by any other company.
I would rather stay at a property run by the racist ***hole donald sterling then meb rentals.
Lies lies lies ... for students and people with animals - perfect !!!
But for families with children ... no !!!
The on-site staff are very friendly.
My housing contract with them was for less than three months.
To have experienced so many problems in so short a time was fairly surprising.
And then, 30 minutes later, receiving an even higher final bill.
Out of a $200 security deposit, they sought to return to me less than $5.
When i sent them an email asking them to explain the charges, i received no response.
My calls, which used to be answered promptly when i was a resident, have just happened to go to voicemail.
We have lived at camden about a month now.
It has been nothing but amazing.
The staff has been so welcome and kind.
Veronica is literally the greatest leading manager ever.
She has become such a dear friend of ours over the month.
Have our guest here and finding parking has been simple.
The apartment is very walkable to downtown.
We ride our bikes everywhere.
Camden also has a secure bike area to store your bikes.
When we moved in we had a maintenance issue and it was resolved the next day.
The staff is timely and very helpful.
I would highly recommend living here!
My mom and i walked into camden, the first place we saw, and immediately felt at home.
It smells amazing, morgan immediately greeted us and made us feel welcomed.
She made the process easy, explained everything thoroughly and was super nice.
We immediately signed the lease.
They even have me a little goodie bag in my apartment when i was moving in.
They make you feel like you actually matter compared to other complexes who could care less about you.
It's also super close to downtown and the sporting venues.
Thank you camden you guys are amazing i'm so glad i chose it as my home!
After reading your reviews i'm glad i don't live there.
Just to note: false advertising... there are no apartments at $677.
And what is up with the mooch fees.
This place is horrible.
There is also an hoa fee (which is odd since that's supposed to apply to property you own, not rent).
And, of course, none of the fees are optional.
They are absolutely mandatory, regardless of whether you use the service or not.
And they don't ever mention these fees until right before you sign the lease.
So whatever they quote you for rent, don't take their word.
And on top of everything else, the management is getting worse and won't respond to complaints.
Please, whatever you do, don't rent here.
And if you think the rent seems like a good deal, it's not!
They're just going to bait and switch.
If i could give this company zero stars...i would...
I have waited 10 days for a repair on a ceiling fan that is half way out of my ceiling...
I have rented here for almost 2 years..
I have not lived in a apartment setting in years.
Yet when it came time to move, i found a complex managed by meb.
My experience was great the office staff was professional, i never had an issue.
I will recommend meb to anyone looking to move into an apartment community.
I truly miss the professionalism of jenny s (complex manager) and the maintenance staff associated with meb..
I would love to move back into another meb community.
To experience that atmosphere of professionalism once again.. keep up the excellent work meb properties
The staff, both maintenance and front office can be seen riding around the property smoking in the golf carts.
You'll notice the front office now drowns you with the smell of cigarettes when you walk in.
Camden is a very nice property that is very close to the downtown area.
However,  i often feel like i got shafted in this whole transaction.
The initial quoted price was much lower than what we ended up paying.
There is a monthly cable fee that you are required to pay, which is absolutely absurd.
It feels like something north korea would do - force someone to pay for cable television.
In the age of streaming, i have no use for cable.
However, at camden, you have no choice.
The staff in the office are typically pretty rude, except for one younger girl.
They recently switched their policy with package delivery.
They used to hold deliveries for you and email you that it was ready to be picked up.
Now, you have to arrange your own set up.
This complex is convenient if you need to be downtown, but other than that it is overpriced.
Our suggestion is to read the lease.
And why you have to give your account number from the power company is the strangest thing to us.
We're glad we didn't go with them after doing further research of this company on reddit as well.
Guess what, it's an august 15th move-in also, prorated.
Sure, they are new to champaign, but we didn't like the way the whole situation turned out.
We were so excited about what we could have had, but queue the sad trombone.
Close one for us!
I'm glad we have family and friends who are landlords and looked at that lease, too.
Veronica, jessica, and heidi, the staff, are always smiling and ready to bring good vibes to your day, every day.
Anytime there's a question, they have the answer.
Also, the staff at camden are real people, not just corporate souls with scripted answers.
I think i like this about the community most - that the staff are part of the personality at camden.
When i have friends over, its our favorite place to occupy.
You've also got some of the best service members to deal with any problems that come up with your apartment.
After finding out that a part had been damaged, he hauled over a portable ac unit.
After this, he brought another, smaller unit which helped me survive through the night.
In the morning, he and a few others, went up to the roof and fixed the a/c problem.
I can't imagine camden without the people that are working here.
The company may be a huge corporation, but in all aspects it feels like a family run business.
The staff here, including veronica, jessica, heidi, mark anthony, and the others, are some of the best people you'll meet.
An update to my review: well the best thing this office had going for it was marty, and he quit.
Before he left he was the only helpful one who took our situation seriously and listened when we spoke.
Honestly if they were able to keep him in this office my review and others probably would have improved.
What situation you ask?
Well how about a living room that floods when it rains, in multiple places.
All the water is coming from inside the top of the wall.
The flooding started on saturday august 30th, well at least this time it was so bad it was noticeable.
I had noticed small water stains prior and wondered where they were coming from.
Floor to ceiling curtains were soaked.
Projects painted on cardboard leaning in the corner were soaked and ruined.
I came into my apartment that night to flooding inside my front door, which i soaked up.
I couldn't even make it over there before i was standing in a pool of water.
Two days later on tuesday september 1st it rained again, worse, and flooded twice as bad.
Lucky for the living room we have vinyl floor which is now lifting from water damage.
Unlucky for the master bedroom there is carpet, which was soaked.
Again, i emailed with photos to the office.
So from here i knew i needed to make the problem more serious to the front office.
Well the office said someone was coming immediately that morning, that was proven to be a lie.
I stayed home all day waiting, no one showed.
I left for two hours that evening and came back home.
The wall had not been touched, there was no note of entry from maintenance.
It was obvious maintenance had no idea why they were there.
Our apartment has been musty and damp and our wall has been soaked and growing mold!!!!!!
Yes i said it, the office wouldnt fix the issue but we are living with mold!!!!!!
Every time we contacted them they acted like they had no idea there was an issue in our apartment.
The only person who even acted knowledgable about the issue was marty.
He told us they were planning to fix it and that there has never been a flooding before.
Well ill tell you they finally "fixed" it.
They did not fix the source to the flooding.
Which is the upstairs balcony not draining off properly, pooling, then pouring down our wall.
Whats even more funny is how absolutely rude the maintance man was to my roomate.
He said they had many other floodings and ours wasn't as important.
My personal belongings are not important?
The fact that i havent been able to use my living room isnt important?
The fact that we are living with mold isnt important?!!!!!
The next morning guess who came to fix it?
I guess over night he became a license contractor because the day prior it was beyond his scope of work.
We are waiting for more rain to flood us again and ruin our beautifully patched wall.
Next time i will be sure to rip a hole in both pieces of drywall so they fix both!
Not two weeks later and then not even actually fixing the problem.
I moved here in july.
The outside looked gorgeous with all the grass and pine trees.
That's the main thing that drew me in.
Marty was the one that sold us.
He was super friendly.
Our full first rent was in august.
Well august rolls along and we made a money order for the amount that it said on the paper.
They told us we was short $40.
So obviously i was pissed.
And on top of that, our a.c. was broken for a whole week mid august.
About a week after that, our garbage disposal and sink was broken.... they never fixed it.
I get that i was home, but im a light sleeper, i heard not one knock.
This guy could of just walked in while i was sleeping!
That being said, i never got my key copied.
I fixed my own sink.
And just last week, my shower drain was clogged fully.
Now i have to fix that!
But maintenance is not very good.
And the office will charge u randomly.
Also, no washer and dryers in unit... and the wash rooms r expensive!
No body can see it unless u actually look over my patio wall.
So i was upset about that too...
This place wasn't bad but wasn't great, here is a list of things i liked/disliked.
The maintenance crew is fast to fix any problem that may arise!
The community pool is well maintained and nice.
The gym/fitness room is awesome, great assortment of cardio and weight machines.
There is an office area with computers that provides internet and printers.
They have a pool table and a nice tv down by the office.
Our suggestion is to read the lease.
And why you have to give your account number from the power company is the strangest thing to us.
We're glad we didn't go with them after doing further research of this company on reddit as well.
Guess what, it's an august 15th move-in also, prorated.
Sure, they are new to champaign, but we didn't like the way the whole situation turned out.
We were so excited about what we could have had, but queue the sad trombone.
Close one for us!
I'm glad we have family and friends who are landlords and looked at that lease, too.
Avoid at all costs...unless you have no other options.
At move-out, you will be charged for things that were present upon move-in.
I tried calling before 5pm that day, and of course, no answer.
They were all cleaned prior to move-out, with no damage.
The total was $555.89.
Like i said, avoid at all costs.
And don't expect any contact from coral point after you sign the lease.
Heidi and the rest of the team always go above and beyond for the residents.
Highly recommend camden copper square if you are looking to stay downtown!
I love camden from r many reasons.
This morning i had a common problem of my front door handle being jammed up.
I posted a notice and the door was completely fixed by the time i got back.
The staff at camden copper square make living here so easy.
Because of people like mark anthony at camden copper square i will be a resident for several years.
I lived there for 7 months and couldn't wait for my lease to end.
The front staff is rude, unprofessional, and does not follow through on requests.
Every time i needed something done for maintenance it took at least three calls.
My master bedroom flooded within my first week and took another week before someone showed up to look at it.
There fix was just to rotate the facet and deal with it.
My front porch light went out my second month.
I told security, from desk, and maintenance and the light was still out when i moved out.
Just know that staff is useless except for one really nice maintenance worker.
My wife and i have lived here over a year now and i have had a fantastic year here.
We plan on staying past our 15 month lease date for sure.
The staff is friendly, hard working and responsive to every need we have had.
Maintenance crew is awesome!
If i were to buy a house with all the amenities we have here i could never afford it.
Oh yes and also a full time staff to keep up the property both inside and out.
No need to worry about replacing a roof or even appliances in the future when they wear out.
Oh and lets throw in a fresh coat of paint for the entire exterior just for fun eh?
Thanks again to all who make camden copper square a great place to live.
I have used the free wifi often and love the cable provided too.
Yes indeed it is very well worth the price of monthly rent.
I guess i could go on and on eh?
The staff and other tenants are very friendly, however, this no amount of friendliness could rectify their shortfalls.
I lived in camden for 9 months.
I transferred complexes before our 15 month lease ended because i was so frustrated with everything.
Further, the apartment shut off water for full days at a time with no explanation or updates.
Another time, during a particularly strong monsoon storm, the giant tree outside my window fell and knocked down the fence.
It took them weeks to fix it, which completely mitigated the point of the fence.
Another issue was the pedestrian entrances.
The locks would not open - even with the key.
I bent my key trying to open them on many occasions.
I notified management and as of my move out, my key still didn't work.
That was a huge issue because i walked to work daily and walked my dog every morning.
Also that's unsafe and i'm pretty sure a huge fire code violation.
One good thing was that they allow many dog breeds that most complexes won't allow.
Do not move here!
Raised my rent over $200 after being there just one year!
I live at the stone ridge apartments in bullhead city az.
I have lived there since 2008.
I've been a loyal tenant.
Paid my rent on time.
Have had no complaints against me.
And every year, for 10 yrs, i have always been offered a new lease.
Now i have been giving a 60 day notice from meb.
I was happy here until meb and new manager emily took over!
Stay away from anything meb owns!
You will regret it!!
This management company does not care about the residents, they only care about $$$$.
The grounds are well maintained and it was a fantastic location right in the heart of downtown, close to everything.
The only problem that i experienced was during the months of june, july and august.
It ran all day and night, and, if lucky, would get to 77 degrees by 5:00 in the morning.
I don't think i have to wait to move out to leave an honest review on my apartments.
Not everything about these apartments is entirely negative.
However, the negative there is, far overshadows any positives.
As you can read in other reviews, despite the horrible reviews, we gave this place a chance.
Two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a decent sized apartment.
Well, the "wood laminate" is actually just roll out vinyl that looks like wood.
It's not even the individual pieces.
It looks ok. shockingly when we moved in everything was fairly clean.
I expected to have to bleach and scrub the insides of all the cabinets.
I did end up cleaning them, but it took minimal effort.
All the appliances were spotless, i do think it's because they were new.
The walls took some scrubbing from the previous tenants food splatter which i am still unable to get off.
I was also surprised by the bathroom.
The toilet and shower were clean they looked new.
So yes, all of that was great... but then there is the not so good things.
Not as horrible now that we are a tad bit used to the rumbling it sends through our apartment.
Either they're paper thin or my upstairs neighbor is an elephant, which she's not, she's just some tweaker chick.
The noise is incredibly obnoxious when i'm trying to sleep.
I think it's a bit more than just normal noise so i have complained to the front office.... 3 times.
Want to know what has been done?
A letter sent to her, which has only made the noise seem to get louder after the fact.
I see the grounds keepers, but apparently they don't clean up cigarette butts or dog crap out of the rocks.
How about the staff and front office?
The nicest words i can use to describe on here would be useless, rude, unprofessional, unorganized, and inconsiderate.
How about working on some people skills, aye?
Yup, i'm sure you can understand i was pissed off.
We have had to put in multiple repair orders to have things fixed.
They were all fixed eventually, except one.
It has been a month and a half and it's still not fixed.
And for paying your rent, i would suggest walking in and paying in person.
I do every single month, even though i guess that doesn't help them keep track of my rent.
Was called the first two months about my rent being late.
Uh no.... sorry, not late because i had receipts showing so.
The call ended each time with it being a misunderstanding.
Unfortunately there was more to my review but yelp doesn't like how long it is
Warning: use caution when renting.
Meb management was a pleasure to work with, until we signed the lease...
This was comforting due to the town homes being in poor condition.
After multiple questions and reassurance from destinee (fort valley apts) i was comfortable to sign a lease.
I asked why ours was more expensive and i was told for updated appliances, updated cabinents and new carpets.
Also, the two units that were shown to us included dishwashers, ours however, did not.
They did not inform us of this.
Appliances were not upgraded as well.
Perhaps the most unpleasant experience with meb i have had was in trying to resolve the dishwasher situation.
After being interrupted countless times over the phone i was still unable to get my point across.
Even when they display two units with dishwashers to us.
The phone call ended with "you can pay our lease break fee and leave?"
Keep in mind i have lived here for less than a month.
I am posting this so future or current residents know what they are getting in to with meb.
Please use caution and make sure to be thorough in your search.
I see other reviews here of nothing being fixed, and lights being out, unsafe.
These were also a few of my issues after two years of living here.
This place would be fine if they would simply fix things and take care of human beings.
When i got my keys, they didn't work.
When i got in, there were 10-20 roaches crawling in my kitchen sink, and the floors and carpet were filthy.
I went straight back to the office.
They said they'd send a pest guy a week from then - on their schedule.
A month after i moved in, the water started dripping from my ceiling.
I complained several times that summer, and they never fixed this issue.
The second year i complained twice more about the dripping a/c since i was afraid of fire or real damage.
The guys didn't even show.
I installed a gutter to run the water into my bathtub.
Last winter i got another threatening note on my door, mentioning court and eviction if i didn't pay rent immediately.
They'd misplaced my check.
It was sitting in their safe.
Around this time, i reported the lights out on my landing, like another reviewer here mentioned.
Coral point did nothing.
Good luck with that.
This is a great location with floors and high ceilings, and i appreciate getting most of my deposit back.
The staff are reasonably nice people.
So i gave an extra star for that, but really?
They need to spend the money to fix up these units and treat people decently.
I have lived here for the past year and a half and have enjoyed it thoroughly.
She would go out of her way to help you with anything or just to say hi.
Two pools which are kept clean.
Parking is always available and you are in walking distance to the light rail and pretty much everything downtown.
My only complaint would be the parking garage itself.
It is a disaster waiting to happen.
Except it did happen to my car.
Too many poles and too narrow of ramps from one level to the next.
While it's a nice location and pretty nice, but small, apartments i found out that they are very shady.
I went in to look at an apartment and liked it a lot.
Started the application process which has an application and administrative fee attached.
You get nothing in writing about this however.
This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't over $300!!!!
They've not been helpful at all just keep repeating back to me that we'd discussed it.
Took a tour of the ridgeview apts in fountain hills.
First thing that caught my eye as i pulled in was the deteriorated sign in front.
It is weather beaten and falling apart.
In fact, the y in luxury fell off!!!!!
The grounds seem nice until we entered the pool area.
The plants in the pits are dying and drying out.
Guess we'll keep looking.
I get so many complaints when i'm never home..
I work to hard for people like them to screw me over.
Lived here for 2 years and plan on being here longer.
Great staff who are down to earth and easy to talk to.
Macitence is done quickly, and the location is great.
Reasonably priced as well.
Earlier this month, i went through the process of finding a new apartment in champaign-urbana.
For numerous reasons, i found it necessary to do the search from afar and lease an apartment sight unseen.
This review pertains exclusively to my experiences with kennedy wilson during this process.
I will post an update once i have started living in my new apartment.
Kelsey, the kennedy wilson agent i interacted with, could not have been more outstanding in helping me lease an apartment.
There were two properties i was interested in when i contacted kennedy wilson for information.
With kelsey's help, i was able to quickly decide which apartment would be right for me.
I prefer to correspond via email, which can sometimes be problematic.
This was not an issue with kelsey.
She answered every single one of my emails promptly and with a detailed and substantive response.
To paint a clearer picture, i went back to our emails to get some statistics.
Kelsey happened to be showing the apartment i ended up leasing on the saturday after i initially contacted kennedy wilson.
I would never rent from this company ever again.
The ladies in the office at the monarch on coolidge st in phoenix are completely incompetent.
My hot water was shut off without them letting us know, and they just shrugged and said sorry.
Our lease had to be rewritten twice because they didn't take down all the information we provided properly.
And when i called meb personally to speak with someone about my issues, i was forwarded to an answering machine.
At this rate i should have never moved from my old apartment and i will never rent from meb again.
Please see my reviews for fairways on green valley.
They waste water yet we pay for it.
We're in a drought!
They go ghost except when it comes to fees fees fees.
They will lie to your face!
This was  a wonderful home.
Now it's a money pit and meb's jackpot.
Everything is an illusion - literally.
2000 on the outside - 80s or worse on the inside.
Haha better buy stock in nv energy!
The windows and doors are so bad it's sad.
She is amazing, but that is where the good ends.
However, we were not allowed to view the apartment we'd be living in.
I. wish they had mentioned that long before we went through the process of getting the apartment.
But we paid anyway and moved in thinking it's fine we'll get it back later.
My boyfriend ended up doing it for us.
After that deposit i don't want to give them any more money.
We ended up breaking our lease and moving somewhere else instead.
Do not move here.
I regret not doing more!
And the move out process could have gone a lot better.
We could've done it ourselves had we known they were going to do that!
I'm extremely unhappy with this apartment.
I have been here for less than 2 months.
I first loved this place, but i haven't been here for too long and there have been multiple issues.
I got a call hours later with an apology.
The staff made another appointment for the following week.
I was told one day, and then sent an email with a different day that i didn't see until later.
I told them that it was the next day, no one showed up the following day.
I thought it was okay, since mistakes do happen, so i paid.
There are not enough reviews that represent the majority of customer experiences when it comes to places that arent restaurants.
I had a slightly above average experience with kw.
I was with a large group of people trying to live in the same building.
A friendly representative showed me several properties that would accomodate us.
We looked at properties from other agencies, but we liked kw's.
We ended up not doing that, but their flexibility was noteworthy.
While living, they were helpful with responding quickly to repairs.
The repair jobs were usually kind of mediocre patch jobs, but they handled more serious repairs very well.
Overall, a little better than most agencies, but not that much better.
The staff was wonderful and i enjoyed my time there.
Too expensive for such thin walls.
I can literally hear my neighbors cough and my other neighbors tv show.
Charged well over 280 dollars for "paint" at the end of my residency.
When charge was contested, a refund was provided--to the credit of the management.
I work long hours, so being able to work out in a remodeled gym in the building a big plus!
The management office has even brought out popsicles on hot days, never seen that done but awesome!
The community is dog friendly as well and even put in their own dog park.
Overall, the units are nice, management is professional and they take care of the property.
I recommend living at camden copper square.
And waited 8 weeks.
My apartment is beige, black cabinets, white appliances, and beige carpet with brown plank flooring.
Not what i paid for.
She advised i walk it this morning, i said the appliances don't even match?
I needed to be out of my other place sunday pm.
And that i was told it was a partially upgraded apartment, but they are charging me fully upgraded price.
Omg what a mess.
She told me she would talk to her boss and get back with me.
I received a notice on my door march 3, as to what they would do, still not acceptable.
Called, wrote e-mail, ect.
Not very professional mgmt company.
The property is beautiful, the pool is beautiful, and they keep the landscaping up professionally.
Despite that, they still treated tenants like student renters.
Employees here are hit or miss.
Many were slow to put in work orders or could not answer basic questions.
It was a beautiful old school house turned into apartments 25 years ago.
Clearly no work had been done to maintain or update the place.
Wood floors could've been beautiful but hadn't been redone in decades.
At the rent that they asked, one would've expected them to be redone.
Truly a shame how poorly they treated the property, especially at the price point.
Maintenance was a saving grace and deserves 4-5 stars.
He took it upon himself to replace it with an appropriately-sized fridge.
When i first moved here i rented from a non-campus company and now rent from individual landlords.
That's the only way to go in this town if you can help it.
Full disclosure we did get 100% of our deposit back.
Hi there- we've not a good experience so far with your rental agent,tina conde.
We were wanting to rent a home in surprise, az.
She never got back to me nor my husband yesterday or today.
Extremely unprofessional and disappointing.
My husbands co worker called her after me and my husband trying multiple times and she finally picked up.
She said it was rented.
That's all we needed to know.
Wanted to inform you and will inform the direct website as this is truly laziness.
We will not be working with her.
My husband said he can now see why your agency has so many homes for rent up.
This place is terrible.
I moved here from ca and when i looked at the place online it seemed perfect.
Right downtown and 2 miles away from job.
Rent was quoted at $949 per month so that was perfect.
Association fee (what is that?)
$30 a month, valet waste ($32 bucks a month?
I can take the garbage to the bin myself for that.
And it's even a .74 cent tax for the valet waste.
), and i was also told over the phone that water sewer trash was included in the rent.
It's extra so instead of my rent being 949 a month it totals $1177.
Glad i'm not on a budget.
This place is touted as a luxury apartment.
I'm from chicago and i've stayed in better places than this that were in the hood.
Please don't live here!
I have had numerous problems living in these apartments i should have never moved here.
Ummm, come on how much more evidence do you need?
Think twice before deciding to live at this property!
I used house hunters in tempe and they referred me to coral point apartments.
Matt was extremely friendly and helpful!
I toured the "platinum" 1x1 and it was everything that i was looking for.
They were quick to resolve the problems.
I moved in this weekend and the outside light bulb is burnt out and the a/c is super loud.
I called the office and they said they will get it taken care of.
This is worst place i have ever lived.
The staff is not helpful.
People who don't live here park and take up all the spots.
The walls are paper thin so you hear everything.
If there was less than one i would choose it.
Their representative at avilla grace left me without air conditioning for 5 hours when it was 112 outside.
When it was time to go home she locked up her office and left air conditioning unrepaired.
I currently live here and have only lived here for about 2 months.
So far, i have been underwhelmed.
The apartment, extrinsically, is pretty nice, although you can tell they were trying to build as cheaply as possible.
The nickle-and-diming is a bit annoying though.
They quoted me $672 per month for rent.
What i pay each month is just over $800.
However, it would be nice to be told the actual cost of living here up front.
All-in-all, this place is serviceable, but nothing spectacular.
I've been living here for the past two years and i love it!
The office is very responsive when i ask for help and helps solve my problems quickly.
Someone was recently robbed at gunpoint by the gate.
I carry around pepperspray with me now.
Cons: if you work from home, this isn't the place for you.
The noise is just crazy.
The beauty, security, customer service, amenities, size, location... everything was perfect.
It will be a great stay with camden as her home.
Don't put words in my mouth.
The person who is never going to rent from your company
I lived at coral point for about 7 months.
By far the worse choice of my life..
It's been over a year and i'm still suffering because of it.
But being excited about my first apartment by myself and i just brushed it off.
Don't expect to get your security deposit back.
They also automatically charge you 207.00 and 275.00 to replace the carpet and paint even if its not needed.
Luckily my dad wasn't having it and we left without much more of an argument.
While doing my final walk through the employ took pictures and that was it.
Didn't tell me if there was anything else i needed to do or except.
About 3 months later i get a letter stating that i owed them over $1000 in damages.
After calling and demanding proof of the damages i got zero response.. a few months go by without any word.
Then i get a letter saying that they sent my debt to collections.
And now because i'm in the middle of disputing these charges, i am unable to get another apartment.
Coral point committed fruad and has ruined my credit and my ability to find a place to live.
Do not rent here!!!
In the end, camden was the clear winner.
So far we love living here!
The location is great (walk anywhere downtown) and we take advantage of the pool and the fitness room constantly!
The facilities are really well-maintained.
It  feels like a hotel!
The maintenance service is excellent and the staff is very friendly.
Since we've been here they've held at least four events for residents with free food, etc.
This is the first place we've lived in where they charge separately for everything (water, trash, taxes, etc.).
Not sure why they do it that way...maybe so you can see where your money is going?
Again, it could depend on what size apt.
Just do your homework.
No rental option is going to be perfect, but camden is a great choice!
I am a current camden resident and i want to start with what's great about it.
The apartments themselves are beautiful!
Recently a resident parking sticker is required otherwise you could get towed, which i am soooo happy about.
Which is no big deal.
The gym is a nice one, i've been in there once....lol.
As for the staff, my boyfriend and i have never had any issues whatsoever.
The staff is always friendly and welcoming.
They always answer any questions we have without a problem.
I also really like valet trash.
Last but not least location, location, location!
You are ultimately paying for location people.
My boyfriend and i love being able to walk to all kinds of events happening in the downtown area.
Now for the cons of this complex.
The building itself is not well insulated/soundproof.
We do hear our neighbors.
My boyfriend is more sensitive to noise than i am.
For me, the noise only bothers me when i'm beyond exhausted.
The office also does not accept packages anymore which is pretty annoying.
Good thing the post office is nearby, somewhat a hassle still.
The last thing i dislike is there is not a fry's nearby...only safeway...booo!
In short, if you're very sensitive to noise, you may want to look at your options.
Otherwise the cost of everything is affordable for living downtown.
I do really enjoy it here.
We have been tenants of a property in norterra since january.
The prior property management (metropolitan) was horrible.
By far the worst i've ever dealt with.
This new property management team is off to a rockin' start.
Thank you karey, patrick from american air, and meb.
Had a horrible experience with this company.
Horrible management, horrible quality, unprofessional all the way around.
Moved in, day 1: floors & counter top we're filthy, belongings left in cabinets from previous resident, roaches, ants etc.
Maintenance tried to enter in apartment without permission.
Walls are super thin you could hear every sound.
Flooring is cheap, scrapes off, bathroom in 1bed 1bath is so small your knees touch door, carpet is cheap.
Everyone gets approved, in other words your neighbors have criminal records.
Not safe from my experience.
Overpriced & office staff adds on extra fees that do not apply to you and don't remove them.
You will get evicted from not paying extra fees that don't apply to you.
On saturday 11/28/15 i woke up to what seemed to be a river flowing into my bedroom.
I immediately jumped out of bed and when i stepped onto my bedrm flr, the water was approximately ankle deep.
I then called the emergency maintenance # and no answer as well.
He came over and was just as shocked as i was about the extent of the flood.
My entire bedrm, lvng rm, dinning room, kitchen, bthrm, closets and laundry areas were all filled with water.
I was in shock and crying as i have never had anything like this happen to me before.
She jumped into action and gv me detailed steps to take.
The water was extracted and fans were placed throughout my apt.
I could not sleep in my apartment as everything was soaked and gross.
I checked into the hotel on sunday morning at 1'oclock am.
Poor customer service in my eyes!
She immediately begins telling my mother what was going to be done and that everything would be immediately fixed!
She asked if we would be reimbursed and ellen very rudely stated absolutely not!
Well, it is now 11:15pm and i am still in this hotel.
I called and told my mother and she told me to turn around and go back to the hotel.
I'm sorry that i chose to move into these apartments!
My mother has contacted the better business bureau, and has contacted an attorney here in charlotte to handle this issue.
I have lived here for about a year and feel spoiled as the maintenance and staff are incredibly responsive.
I began looking at other apartments at the end of my first lease because of the rising costs of rentals.
Additionally, many of the amenities are truly available.
This means that you do not have to fight for grills, pool space, etc.
Additionally, other residents are very courteous in case you need anything.
I read the bad reviews and still decided to give them a chance.
I didn't even finish the full process of even leasing.
Spend your money elsewhere.
I can only imagine what the residents are going thru.
Listen to the reviews.
Dont give them a chance like i did.
I'm glad the inconveniences started before i signed any lease.
This is the second camden property i lived at, and the service is nothing short of excellent.
The transfer from my previous camden unit to this one was easy!
Veronica is awesome and took care of me from day 1 through the day i turned in my keys.
The maintenance team is fast to resolve issues and knowledgeable.
If i ever return to the phoenix area and need an apartment, i would live here again.
I enjoyed living here, even if it was a short time.
I have been living here for an year now.
Moving to another camden property only to be near asu tempe campus.
I have all praises for this apartment and camden management.
I am living in a studio loft.
The management team is very courteous and responsive.
I have had absolutely no issues with the neighbors or noise.
Absolutely recommend it to anyone who wants to live in downtown phoenix but avoid the noise and traffic.
Seemed great, cheap rent, was quiet...
That's another thing, don't try to call the office because no one physically there will answer.
You will more than likely be forwarded to their central office.
The first day i moved in my feet were black from the kitchen floor...really?
Listed this year at #10"  what about living there...?
Spent my last two years of graduate school here (2011-2013) and overall it was a very nice place for champaign-urbana.
The management were friendly, and grounds were well kept.
The dog run was also a nice plus.
My husband and i have been living here for nearly three years now and we love it!
I can honestly say that i've never had a bad experience here.
Is everything always absolutely perfect?
No, because no apt.
Some people will always find things to complain about but, in my opinion, it's a really great place to live.
Well, then you'll love camden copper square apartments!
In terms of ridiculous charges, they are the "us airways" of apartments.
How about $30/month (plus $10/month for the trash dumpster) to have your trash picked up s-r nights outside your door?
$40/month for "included" cable sound "entertaining"?
Or expensive water fees that are charged based on square footage instead of how much water you use?
I save the best for last, however.
Enjoy paying $30/month for so-called "association fees."
Stressed out about having to choose between "valet trash" or being a member of the "association"?
You are required to pay both fees!
Attempts to reason with the regional staff about the fees are met by: "this is a corporate-level/national policy."
When you move out they stick you with a huge bill for ridiculous reasons.
They charged us full carpet replacement value for a few spots on the carpet.
They lied and said the carpet was only 1 year old.
It was probably there since the beginning 10 yrs.
They would not show us invoices to prove they replaced the carpet.
Take complaints to corporate office if you want anyone to even return phone calls.
Office seems nice until move out day.
This place is a dream and we love living here.
My wife and i could easily save money and move to buy a place or to different complex.
Eventually we will probably move on but this place has spoiled us!
This place is worth every penny imho.
The service from the office and grounds crew is spot on.
Camden, like many large apartment firms, uses a computer algorithm to assist in setting rents.
This can impact you when your lease comes up for renewal as well.
It's a bit of a gamble, but being patient and watching rates can often save you a significant amount.
Also be aware there are some fees (garbage), which are really just an indirect way of charging you higher rent.
They need to be considered when you are budgeting.
Much of the northwest corner of the complex, around the small pool, is one such area as of this writing.
One more practical suggestion.
Since there are no elevators, consider renting a truck from home depot if you are moving yourself.
Unlike a uhaul, these trucks have low enough clearance to fit into the multi-level parking garage.
Well, then you'll love camden copper square apartments!
In terms of ridiculous charges, they are the "us airways" of apartments.
How about $30/month (plus $10/month for the trash dumpster) to have your trash picked up s-r nights outside your door?
$40/month for "included" cable sound "entertaining"?
Or expensive water fees that are charged based on square footage instead of how much water you use?
I save the best for last, however.
Enjoy paying $30/month for so-called "association fees."
Stressed out about having to choose between "valet trash" or being a member of the "association"?
You are required to pay both fees!
Attempts to reason with the regional staff about the fees are met by: "this is a corporate-level/national policy."
It was so bizarre considering that there was just minor wear and tear on the walls.
With few affordable locations o live downtown, camden gives you all you could ask for.
I've talked to a few people that would encourage you to look elsewhere, but i'm sold.
Maybe my opinion of this sweet spot will change then.
This review is about my experience with the staff and property from start to finish with no sugar coating.
Everyone knows the costs right up front so deal with it.
If it fits you then, you are in for a very safe and comfortable place to live!
We always feel welcomed by the staff and somehow they always keep a smile on their face (i couldn't ).
They recently went through a change at manager here and haven't missed a step .
Jessica was a great manager and always had the staff on top of their game .
I personally enjoy the events they put together for us tenants.
I forgot to mention the workout room(s) that is accessible all times of the night .
You won't be disappointed if you decide this is your place.
Constantly going through employees and treat residents like scum.
I can't wait to get out of here.
The police are at the complex multiple times every day.
Writing this review because it's the only way i can get the keys to the listed amenities without paying money.
Even with that done, the fixtures are so old and rusty.
I had rust on my sink and someone came in and painted it.
I asked management about the reviews before signing the lease and they told me they're all lying..i now understand.
All in all, if i knew what i know now, i'd spend my money elsewhere.
Terrible management, not to mention terrible accounting practices.
I would receive eviction notices for "missing payments" along with a $50 fine.
When i call to dispute these, they said i needed to go into the office.
When i do, they tell me it was a mistake on their end and to disregard the notices.
A complete waste of my time.
Management literally doesn't care what you think and doesn't return messages.
I had to go into the office and show the original lease proving this.
Again, a complete waste of my time.
Neighbors can be heard blasting music until 4am and some are sketchy.
My neighbor across from me doesn't shower and leaves cigarette butts everywhere.
I'm not talking 2-3 cats either, i'm talking in excess of 10-15 cats, including kittens.
They can be found foraging in and around the trash bins.
They do a "survey" and then call it a complaint against you because you just happen to have a pet.
They won't even listen to you.
I lived at this complex a few years back, and i did not have the best experience.
It's nearly impossible to get cell phone reception probably due to the parking monstrosities next to the apartments.
I regularly curse at the building as i'm going by the convenient location.
Cell phone reception is still horrible, he has to leave his phone on the window sill.
His $800-a-month one-bedroom turned into nearly $1000 per month due to all of their mandatory fees.
This place gets two stars because of location and a very nice clubhouse with an adequate gym.
But the service is horrible!
When she was looking into moving there i went with her.
She stated there were cameras throughout the property with 24 hour monitoring and guard at night.
Which i found out is completely false.
I would not recommend this place to anyone it is not safe and the staff will lie to you
Talk about at sense of community, it's def here.
The complaints i've seen here or on our community message board have been trivial and should be dismissed.
Landscapers are too loud?
Id rather hear some leaf blowers at ten am then have filthy grounds.
Speaking of landscaping they do an impeccable job.
Every time i go outside i feel like there's more and more beautiful new plants.
I've never dealt with loud neighbors, the walls are pretty thick.
My main concern was the safety of where i live and parts of garfield neighborhood can be intimidating.
That's no concern here.
I feel safe taking my dog potty at 1am.
That says a lot.
The built in dog park is another huge plus.
It's nice to not have to drive anywhere to let yr pup shake off excess energy.
Anyways, overall this place is great.
I moved in to coral points about two weeks ago, and so far so good!
I moved from new york, and moving across the country is not for the faint of heart.
Coral points was very accommodating (after some initial communication errors).
They have over 300 units, and a small office staff, so they are busy folks!
The apartment i live in is very nice, and the price is great too.
I have never felt unsafe in this complex, and i work very early mornings, so i'm usually out before light!
The maintenance people are very kind and courteous, and always get stuff done.
It's a great place to live for young people just getting started.
Thank you coral points!
Do not go to ridgeview apartments in fountain hills, az.
The manager is exceedingingly rude, and dictatorial.
Many other places in fountain hills that treat tenants nicely.
I'm very glad to call this place home.
The only positive aspect is the apartment location is close to campus.
Unfortunately, they're unresponsive to maintenance requests.
I had to call multiple times for repairs.
Their maintenance staff is incompetent because of their inability to fix problems.
They don't keep their word.
Mark anthony diagnosed and fixed the problem in minutes.
The friendly, energetic staff is always willing to help out.
I have lived here for almost a year and really have liked it.
The maintenance is always quick about fixing any issues and the pools are well kept.
This is probably my favorite apartments ever.
Management is great and are always welcoming me and my family with open arms when we come by the office.
I have stayed here for about a year now and i plan on extending my lease.
I've read the reviews on meb management.
Granted i just moved in a week ago to jamestown  apartments in phoenix, however the application process was pretty simple.
They never asked any unusual questions.
Giselle, the office manager is is so sweet!
She was a pleasure to deal with.
She not only has a wonderful personality, but she is extremely professional and very willing to help.
While i can't comment on other properties, i am very happy with everything at jamestown.
I have lived here for 2 years, meb bought alliance who managed the place just fine.
Now if you want something fixed do it yourself.
The upstairs neighbors tub and toilet leaked broke a pipe actually, july 2016 they finally fixed it feb 2017.
My shower ceiling was covered in mold and all they did was spray it with killz.
Well he was asking for a porch light that's been out for about 3 months.
I told them twice a month about it all they says is ok we'll write up a work order.
At least i had that trespassing unauthorized man with me.
And they wanted to call the police on him.
Hope some kid don't  run into them while playing.
The manager monica lies so much we got her on video lying to some new tenants.
The maintance men quit left and right because of her.
My next notice was "we won't be renewing your lease" insted of take it down please.
They charge you $25,dollars just to put it on your door.
Well my lease is up in april so i have to move .
I know better to expect any of my deposit back.
So i won't bother cleaning anything.
The staff at windsor west is among the best we have ever lived with.
They are always responsive to maintenance requests and very professional when it comes to dealing with any situations that arise.
We will miss this place but more importantly the friendly and professional staff.
Office staff are great.
I've experienced nothing but professionalism since i moved in a couple months back.
The office is always extremely busy, and i think way under staffed,but i get treated very well.
I think the whole property is understaffed.
That is why i rated this place a 2.
Why should it take a month to get maintenance to repair anything?
And why do the grounds look like they do etc.
I've been a happy resident for nearly 3 years and it's been an overall great experience.
They're receptive to any concerns and are eager to help in any way they can.
The community's location is perfect for those who work or go to school in the downtown area.
The two pools are gorgeous and resemble those from upscale resort hotels.
The apartments themselves have been recently upgraded and are very well designed and spacious.
Maintenance staff are also friendly and very responsive.
All fees are clearly outlined before and during your lease signing appointment, so maybe they just weren't paying attention.
Rent has certainly increased over the years, but for the most part, camden's rates are competitive with the local market.
My only gripes are as follows: the parking garages are extremely tight and poorly lit.
You really have to be careful when turning corners and pulling into parking spots.
Dumpsters in the garages fill up very quickly and start to smell in the summer heat.
As it is, parking is basically a free-for-all among residents with no assigned parking spaces.
Also, the locks and gates around the community always seem to be broken or vandalized.
They seem to serve as more of a visual deterrent rather than actual barriers to entry.
A non-resident could easily enter through a gate with little-to-no effort.
I've seen gates left ajar and locks completely broken.
The vehicle entry/exit gates seem to break down several times per year.
I've never felt unsafe while living here, but there have been reports of bicycle thefts and vehicle break-ins.
As such, the community's gate/lock/key system could definitely use an overhaul.
Additionally, when i was reading through the contract, it stated bugs were the responsibility of the resident.
This wouldn't be the worst except kennedy wilson doesn't seem to care.
They were uncooperative and unhelpful.
My case isn't unusual.
One girl said they had to get the student legal services involved.
Save your time and money and stay away from this company!
If you're a good tenant don't rent here.
They don't deserve you.
This place scams people out of their money.
When my husband and i moved in the apartment was filthy and the carpet in the bedroom smelled like dog.
We paid our rent on time and even paid early.
When we moved out we cleaned the apartment.
We waited for our security deposit and could not reach anyone on the phone.
They gave us the run around for 3 months.
When i finally got a closing statement we saw we were owed the deposit plus a credit.
They claimed the check was sent back due to a clerical error on their part.
Good customer service would've been to overnight our check.
It came regular mail even though they were well past the 30 days that had to give us our money.
When the check came it was $190 short for a cleaning fee and damage.
None of which was on our closing statement.
They are crooks let them have the bad tenants they deserve.
If you're responsible don't live here!
Second worst place i've lived at.
They always find way to screw you!
Especially the "dee", i don't know how she could get the job!
She is very rude and less patient!
I've lived with kennedy wilson for two years since i've been in college at uiuc.
The customer service is always very friendly and efficient.
The apartments i lived at (905 s second & 107 e daniel) were very nice and conveniently located on campus.
I definitely recommend living with kennedy wilson!
I definitely would not recommend this place to anyone unless all you care about is a pleasant-looking landscaped area.
On my first day after signing my lease and unloading my car, it was towed.
While i was explaining the situation to the office manager, all she did was type emails.
No eye contact, no listening skills whatsoever.
(i wasn't mean about the situation at all.)
She couldn't even locate on the lease for me where it stated any parking regulations.
Maintenance crew was very nice and a lot more responsive than what i have seen on other reviews.
There are 3 pools but the only pool that was kept clean constantly was the one by the leasing office.
Can i give zero star?
Terrible place, terrible manager.
Never want your deposit back.
All my friends moved out from this place.
I don't usually be rude like this.
Just let people not live there.
The leasing staff are extremely friendly and always super helpful.
They greet you with a smile, know your name, and love to show off the resident pets!
They plan fun, creative happy hour events each month.
The grounds are well maintained and the community is constantly improving.
The new gym is spacious with more equipment.
In addition, any maintenance requests submitted by us are attended to promptly, and with professionalism.
I highly recommend living at camden copper square!
Before we even got the place, jourdan promised us a discount as well as waving the application fee.
That didn't happen, get everything in writing.
They said they would reimburse me but still haven't.
The employees make false promises and charge you extra when they have to do their job.
Do not move here!
Once you sign your lease good luck with getting things fixed.
The "renovated" apartments are cosmetically pleasing to the eye but in reality there are leaky roofs, bugs and mold.
6 months later the issue is still not fixed.
On top of that the staff is really unprofessional.
They don't treat you right for all the money you pay for this horrible apartment complex.
Luckily my lease is almost up and i am counting down the days.
This neighborhood is predominately black and latino and i know that we are treated unfairly because of this reason!!!!!
Shame on dasmen residential (the parent company) for hiring horrible staff and having deplorable living conditions.
This is a gorgeous, well kept community with great amenities.
The front office staff is kind, respectful  and professional, which is a rare occurrence.
I do not recommend anyone to move here!
No.1 - the rent here is extremely expensive!
The rent is not even worth the space you rent.
They will tell you it is a renovated apartment but that really means, hardwood floor and repainted walls and cabinets.
If there is something broken or not fixed, it will never be fixed and you will get excuse after excuse.
I have been renting at these apartments since 07/2015 and i have yet to get my dishwasher fixed.
2 - maintenance is horrible.
I referred my sister to these apartments and she moved in on 12/2017.
Within a month, she started noticing mold on her ceiling.
Maintenance came to her apartment and said the will apply "bacteria killer" to the spot.
It was regular white ceiling paint!
My sister has a 3yr old who potentially get really sick because of this.
- they require "background checks" for everyone who is on the lease.
He is not the only resident that does this.
I have an 8 yr old and i am pregnant - meaning i cannot be smelling these drugs.
The smell half of time comes in to my own apartment.
I don't feel safe anymore.
- my sister's apartment was almost broken into yesterday with her and her 3 yr old in the home.
Window from her bedroom was broken.
Police told her it had happened to 2 other apartments as well the same morning.
We followed up today and told us the apartment we were looking into was given to someone else!
When we were told yesterday it had not!
They do not care about your safety.
I honestly will see if they can be sued for there incompetence.
I can keep going on with the list.
I would rate them a 0 star if i could.
I've lived here since february of 2016 and have renewed my lease once.
I own a house but choose to live here as i'm close to work and hate commuting.
I've lived in a lot of apartment complexes but this place is by far the best.
The staff is very responsive to requests.
Maintenance requests are handled in a timely and professional manner.
The grounds are pristine.
The units are upgraded, quiet and comfortable.
The rent is reasonable for the downtown location.
Parking is covered and convenient to my unit.
I have no complaints.
The complex maintains good relations with phoenix pd so security is a priority.
Improvements are continuously being made to the property.
Veronica, our leasing agent, and her fellow staff in the office are always kind and personable even when very busy.
Camden really has it going on in running their communities nationwide and the training of their staff.
Clean apartments and convenient location.
I would recommend them for your new place!
Assistant maintenance supervisor jay adrian just fixed several things in our apartment.
He came the day after we submitted the service request which was very impressive.
He did a very good job and seemed to be very knowldegable and skilled.
We are very happy with the work.
Nastiest management company i've ever had to deal with in my entire life!
Even when they are wrong, you are still responsible!!!
Avoid avilla grace apartments in chandler, az!
For any parent thinking of letting their child live here during their college stay..please don't.
I can tell you first hand that for one the price they are charging is ridiculous.
The office staff are rude and disrespectful and have no idea what they are doing.
On top of that this place has asbestos in the walls and ceilings.
In fact some of the neighbors tell me that they've had holes in their ceilings from unfinished repairs.
The only positive was the maintenance whom i haven't seen in awhile.
This is the worst place that i have ever lived.
I have attempted to contact the property management office and i will be going again in the morning.
The agent in the office is rude and condescending.
I moved from michigan and went to see the property the day before my move in and it wasn't ready.
We did get greeted by the roaches and spilled fingernail polish that we had to scrape off of the floor.
I have never had bugs and i am terrified of everything that was climbing out of my dish washer.
(who also drops her dogs and her customers dogs crap down next to my patio).
Didn't know that we were zoned for commercial.
I have lived in awhatukee, laveen, and south mountain areas before and never was told anything of the sort.
I have even emailed and called the office and she left me on hold to answer my emails.
I wouldn't i could go on and on but i think you get the point.
I even asked to be transferred to another property but this one is privately owned so i can't.
My lease ends in october and no matter the cost i am moving asap!!!
I have called and emailed meb property mgmt and i can't get any help or even a callback!!
So this is going to their yelp too.
Maybe then someone can assist me!
This place is terrible.
If you are thinking of renting an apartment at the little cottonwoods in tempe, i would think twice.
In the 6 months i have been here, i have been treated with disrespect and lied to on numerous occasions.
Prior to my move in, certain things were promised to me such as new carpet which was never done.
They said it was but it was just a carpet cleaning and was  filthy by the time i moved in.
I had inquired about the neighnbors and was told it was very "quiet".
Every morning at 4:30am, the lovely elder woman downstairs is yelling "here kitty..kitty."
So obviously i am also awake at that time.
Most importantly i believe i have been discriminated against and taken advantage of.
I was told by one of the leasing agents to go and smoke on the sidewalk.
Are they kidding me....now that would be illegal.
People get a clue.
Also now that i am leaving, they wont give me the time of day.
Just so wrong on all levels.
People, think twice and do your research before moving into this property or any other under this management group.
They are greedy and just dont care.
I can't stress that enough.
I moved into camden in september 2009.
At first i thought the place was alright.
It was really quiet and i was able to lock in a pretty cheap rate.
Things began to change in march of 2010.
The management has also become less responsive.
I would suggest living elsewhere.
I am planning on writing a letter to camden corporate and requesting an early release from my lease.
Non stop repeated issues with this complex.
The office is unresponsive to complaints via email.
The outside of these apartments are attrocious.
Gutters are clogged, spider build up outside front doors.
Not to mention the staff in the office is not very friendly!!
My air conditioning continues to leak and i have to go up to the office yet again.
My lease is up in 5 months and cannot wait to move out of this crap hole.
Do not waste your time or money on these apartments!
This is for vista ventana in phoenix.
How does an additional $183.82 on top of your rent sound?
This is for a 670 sq foot, one bedroom apartment with 2 adults and an infant.
That's $6.10 per day for water, sewer, and trash.
Additionally, the manager, tiffany, is unprofessional and disrespectful.
Rent is very reasonable and utilities are included.
The gym is great and has everything you would need to stay in shape.
Not to mention the 3 beautiful pools they have.
I might stay here a while...
I just moved into camden copper square and while getting settled in i've needed some help.
Specifically jay, jeremy and marc anthony.
All three have gone above and beyond to help me with any task i throw their way.
Their service, attitude, friendliness, consistency and professionalism have been outstanding and very much appreciated!
I will try to make this short and simple.
Meb management services is one of the worst management companies i have ever dealt with.
This apartment complex is disgusting.
I am coming up on week 4 and my requests are now barely being met.
I allowed monica to inspect my apartment after finding multiple roach egg sacs and dead and alive roaches.
She simply walked out and ignored me.
I was also threatened with eviction because i have attitude.
I was simply upset and last time i checked it's not illegal to be upset and complain.
In addition, everything they have done here is illegal.
I have everything recorded along with pictures and evidence.
My emails and calls to meb and their lawyers have all gone ignored.
Again i moved here to save money, yes i've been upset but i have done nothing offensive.
I should be the least of their worries, considering all the illegal immigrants and drug dealers who live here.
Moving here was the biggest mistake of my life and meb makes it even worse.
Never rent an apartment managed by them.
Your one stop shop for cockroaches and terrible service.
Be prepared to catch an attitude when you request they do something about it.
You know where else the cockroaches run rampant?
On the basement laundry machines they so graciously supply for you.
Expect to wait months (yes, three months and counting) for maintenance to show up.
Not signing a parking lease?
They'll be sure to continually harass you about it.
And a word on the radiators- if youre lucky, they'll work during the day.
But at night when it's 30 degrees outside?
No, not at all.
Good luck getting maintenance to work on that too.
Of all the realty companies i've dealt with- this by far is the worst.
Worst living experience in 10 years  i moved away from home for school when i was 18 years old.
For the past 10 years i have lived in dorms, apartments, condominiums and i have rented a house.
The first issue i experience involved the upstairs residents causing a great deal of noise every day and night.
I personally knew the tenant and spoke to them regarding this issue.
They were very kind and did their best to resolve it.
Regardless of their efforts, the poor structure of this complex could continued to cause noise problems.
A second issue came about when i had two packages delivered to my apartment.
I did not receive these packages.
I attempted to find where my packages were delivered.
I contacted the sender and the postal service.
The sender offered me proof of postage purchase as well as a tracking record.
The postal service showed me their records of the packages being delivered to the apartment complex.
The apartment complex offered me nothing but the following statement: "sorry, we are not responsible for mail or packages."
I still have not received the packages and i lost a large amount of money because of this.
A few months after moving in to camden, a very strong storm hit downtown phoenix.
I had electronic devices near my window and water began pouring into the apartment.
I found this ridiculous and fixed the situation myself by applying tape to the window.
A few weeks later i received a letter stating there were structural faults that we're going to be fixed.
About 3 months passed before they fixed the issue.
However, during this time the complex hired a company to fix the stucco on the outside of our apartment.
For the next three days there was furious pounding beginning early in the morning.
The pounding was so forceful it knocked off items hanging from the wall.
I took video of this video and attempted to email it to management.
My email was returned "undeliverable" on several occasions.
I called the general manager who offered no resolve to the situation.
He sent the maintenance supervisor to speak with me.
The maintenance supervisor said there was nothing they could do since it was a problem that had to be fixed.
The maintenance supervisor told me he would tell the men to "hurry up."
He seemed annoyed with my complaint and my frustration.
I told him i could not hear him because of the pounding and i ended the phone call.
I did not receive a call back.
Camden copper square did no such thing.
They did not offer any resolutions other than to wait it out.
This complex offered nothing.
I have found this to be one of the most expensive complexes in the phoenix area.
Yet, they are the most inconvenient and inconsiderate complex i have ever experienced.
I've been living here for just over a year.
It's pretty outside an mostly quiet.
Apart from neighbors that smoke entirely too much, it's a nice place to live.
Warning do not live here!
Poor management and maint guys!
Bug infested, poor plumbing, black mold, abestos!
Run an dont rent here they lie to their tenants!
Their doing only a face lift an going to flip this crappy property!
They will rip ya off like they dif us!
Bad leaks, poor heating & a/c!
An they arent honest people to deal with either!
They owe many people their deposits back!
Osha has been on property watching them b/c the asbestos an black mold is so bad!
Do not rent here its a rip off an its very poor living conditions too!
Squatters get in units an in dumpsters everyday!
They dont fix things properly either!
Im taking them to court for our deposit along with other tenants!
An addt'l monies for being a headache!you do not want to live in this bug infested property!
It has asbestos and will make you sick!
They ask for a deposit and don't return it in good faith!
You can not trust them!
A lot of ratchet people live there b/c they let anyone live there desperate for rent money!
Appliances never worked properly the whole almost 2 years of living there!
Do not live there its horrible with trash everywhere very dirty property!
Im fighting with them to get my deposit cuz they are not responsible owners!
Its not my fault they bought a very disgusting property an out lots of money to fix facially!
Then they plan on flipping it!
Bad heating, a/c, and very severe water issues!
Water continually turned off no notice!
Don't let a facial lift to an apt influence ya to live there!
Run and don't rent there!
Reach out and i can share my exp.
They have no conern for the residence here what so ever..
I am so glad i am not staying...
This is no incentive...
The owner could run this much better by them self...
This apratment needs a over haul so despratly.. and needs a compaionate person to run it.....
I am so disapointed... meb you suck...
I absolutely love living here.
Great community and even better staff.
Always professional and helpful!
I love veronica, she is the best!!
However, if i were you, i'd do every communication by email so i have a back up in writing.
Mgr who told me to check with the post office who finally told me that the prop.
I've had to ask several times about a trash bin as there are no dumpsters here.
I never got an answer on that.
There are other people who can help me now.
So, i won't bug him anymore.
But, if god blesses me in the next year, i'll not renew my lease.
I'm biding my time till i'm 55 and can get in a 55+ community.
Till then, i'll make the best of it.
I was told by the pm that they fully support me getting motion lights and an alarm system.
They actually were excited i did this...at my own expense, of course.
That should be a red flag.
Even they wouldn't live in this dump.
But, i had to find a place fast and when you are desperate, there's goldenwest management with pen in hand.
I think i'm in for a years worth of adventure.
Overall a good experience.
Maintenance especially was very quick to address any problems.
Didn't see any bad neighbors in the apartment complex.
Front desk was average.
Apartment was spacey for price (although i think it went up since i've left).
They will take advantage of you.
It's unfortunate that i never got a call back on a property we were looking to rent.
We were extremely interested and now we have found another place.
I thought we were in america, not at this poor establishment!
There is no structure at the rise.
There is a higher monthly rate because it's new and on campus, however if there isn't one issue it's another.
Constant no internet as if we didn't need it for school.
Do yourself a favor and don't lease here, everyone i have spoken too only complains about the rise
Submitted my documents as fast as i was able to and from then on i was ignored.
I called later that day to ask some questions about this downstairs unit and no one answered once again.
As a business, you should never let multiple phone calls and emails go unanswered.
Application fees and valuable time wasted!
Please do not move to rise on apache.
I'm the mother of a former resident.
I've been lied to on more than one occasion.
This place is truly a scam and we are stuck paying for a place my child no longer lives in.
They have moved people into the empty apartments and still taking my money.
They have not attempted to find someone to takeover this lease.
Then i'm threaten with you signed the lease and you are responsible.
All parents keep your child away from rise on apache!
And yes, my child did experience all of the plumbing issues and all other issues previously discussed in these reviews.
Communication with jayson has been excellent.
Phones calls are answered and email responded to in a timely fashion.
If i could give negative stars, i would.
That person did not do their job and i just cut ties.
Customer service goes a long way and escondido needs to up their game.
If not, this place will randomly assign you a roommate without any advance notification or communication.
Management has determined that it is too difficult to communicate proactively with their paying customers.
My suggestion is to seek another place to live...unless you enjoy the thrill of living with a complete stranger.
I lived at escondido for two years and have enjoyed my time here.
This is a small, mostly quiet community and feels like home.
Property manager monica is great and is very quick to respond and help when needed.
She also was a great help when i was dealing with a difficult neighbor.
Grounds are kept clean and well lit.
Im a single female and have always felt safe here.
Make sure you see your assigned apartment (not just the model) before signimg a lease.
And 100% occupancy, so greystar management will not remedy.
Paper thin walls and they over sold parking passes to make more money.
Unhelpful staff, unnecessary security, way too over priced
The manager (monica) told me at one time that only my credit would be checked and not my wife's.
She said the deposit would be $300.
Two months later (monica) said the deposit would be $600.
This was because my wife's credit was not the best.
I told her no deal!!!
I can't do business with a person i don't trust.
The question is as a consumer who are you going to believe, escondido management or the suffering residents and applicants.
The choice is yours.
This was pitched as asu student housing, which it isn't.
Told every unit had an island, which they don't.
Was told no problem so we signed the lease.
Financial aid didn't come thru and now we're being told we have to find someone to take over the lease.
If you use a wheelchair, think carefully before staying here.
I should start by saying that i am able-bodied, but was given a room with a disabled sign outside.
I found enough inconveniences that i really wondered how accommodating someone in a wheelchair would find it.
I'll start with the bed:  it was pretty high, with a mattress that could fairly easily slip off the base.
Also, the mattress itself was covered in a vinyl-like material, with just the bottom sheet on top.
This felt uncomfortable, so i got a couple of spare towels and put them underneath, which helped a lot.
So you're faced with turning out the light and then manoeuvering in the dark into bed.
I can't imagine this would be much fun in a wheelchair.
(not to mention it being difficult to read in bed!)
The bathroom:  no counter space of any sort, just a sink.
It was annoying enough for me to have to go back and forth to retrieve toiletries.
Imagine doing this in a wheelchair.
The shower was nice and roomy, with lots of grab bars, and a seat and a hand-held shower.
But there were no ledges anywhere to put shampoo etc.
I ended up putting soap and shampoo on the seat.
On a positive note: lovely staff, and great breakfast!
Do i have  have a star?
This place has been a money pit.
There was a police stand off in my yard for two hours 9/30/17 til midnight.
Shots fired by  window.
Just woke up and saw  huge roach crawling over my head.
I hate coming home to this dump.
Garbage and crime all around here.
City has asked them to clean up property.
There is a mountain of trash three months old that kids play around.
Then they have the nerve to tell us we have to have it professionally cleaned before we leave.
They sent guys who just slapped a little paint on the words.
But, i have to live in fear, filth and poverty and then i'm expected to pay for professional cleaning.
They were rude to the realtor trying to sell the building for the landlord who i have never heard from.
They told me they have a key for inspection.
When realtor neededto get in for buyer inspection, they refused to cooperate.
Even landlord wants out of this place.
Four units and two are occupied.
What does that say?
Do not deal with them.
Most horrible experience i ever had and i'm 53 yrs old.
Once they get your money and signature on the lease, you're on your own.
I can sleep in my apt for fear of shoot outs and giant roaches and i'm a clean housekeeper.
This dump is awful .
I wish i could leave now.
But, i dont have a 3300 dollar buy out fee.
So, im forced to live like this for six more months.
Do not live here.
I've lived here now for one full school year and just released (stupidly) for a second.
Positives: - close to campus - nice rooms  negatives: - overpriced comparatively to other buildings that are close.
- residents trash the place
I highly recommend to go check the place out?
Location can't be beat and the coffee shop downstairs is also delicious.
- location is prime if you're interested in going out to mill ave, scottsdale, go to asu, etc.
- lotsa parking (not sure why a yelper previously said there was none...
There is always an open spot close to your unit, in addition to an assigned spot.
- the grounds are kept up really well.
It's well priced for the location; but you get what you pay for *see cons*.
Cons: - the apartments are nothing like the model.
Very outdated appliances, our ac ceiling leaked when it rained, and literally looks like it's about to fall in.
- bugs... bugs everywhere.
These little black roly-poly guys.
We just accepted them as roommates.
Two scorpions during our stay (the little bark ones, yikes!).
And a partridge in a pear treeee... just kidding, just one flying cockroach thing.
- the price is good, but like i said, you get what you pay for.
The apartments themselves have immense potential...
If management put 20% of the effort they put into the landscaping into the units.
- management is kinda mean.
Before, we'd just drop in to say hello.
Such a bummer :/  overall, it worked for the time being, but it was definitely time to move on.
This management company is full of woman that often, carry themselves poorly over the phone.
They seem to not really care your just another tenant with an issue!!
Completely un-impressive and pray to never experience anything similar to them again.
I thought we were in america, not at this poor establishment!
I definitely love living at liv.
The grounds are kept immaculate and the office is incredibly helpful and friendly.
Whenever i put in a service request they show up that same day or the next to complete it.
I am trying to rack my brain on constructure criticism to give but can't think of a single thing.
Ipa management has done an amazing job at making it feel like a resort and not just your typical complex.
They even have trash butlers 5 nights a week come and collect your trash.
If you want your life to feel like one big vacation, (who doesn't?!?)
This is the place for you!
We asked for a tour and she showed us two properties.
Didn't care to explain the amenities they had or show us.
Poor sales representation and couldn't care less attitude.
What happened to all the bad reviews?
I guess since now they're called "922 place" and changed management they conveniently got rid of them.
Where to even begin.
I'll keep things simple and brief.
A broken bed frame that you have to get the student workers to replace 3.
Sticky and gouged floors 5.
A weird musty smell?
And cigarette ash everywhere.
Beer salt all over the counter 7.
Random clothing everywhere 8.
Dust bunnies to put petting zoos to shame 9.
Roommates who may or may not have mental issues/parents who pay for their immaturity  10.
Liquor bottles everywhere 11.
No wifi or electric.
You have to get those yourself.
That's just a couple of the issues right off the bat.
If anyone else has had this experience, feel free to do the same i will do.
This place is horrible.
They show you units that look nothing like the unit you will be living in.
My house recently flooded and they did not use proper measures to get the water out of the carpet.
There is now mold growing in multiple places along the walls and cabinets in the kitchen.
The outside of the place is not well kept at all.
Very dingy and just not a great experience!
Having lived at escondido for 6 months i have experienced great management on every level.
First, the property is safe and superbly clean.
Monica, the manager ensures that everything and everyone is in proper order.
She is professional, kind, respectful and ensures that i and the property are well cared for.
With damian, the grounds manager, the property is extremely well cared for inside and out.
They are a great team and with them i feel safe, well cared for and know everything is clean!!!
Escondido, and the power team of monica and damion have made this the best and happiest home for me.
Come check it out and say hello!
This is literally the worst place to live on campus.
I subleased from another student due to their semester leave of absence.
The girls i roomed with basically forced me to move.
Before even getting to know me, they asked why management did not place them with "someone chinese."
Then proceeded to ask me if i could switch units on a daily basis.
I honestly wish i could rate this place a big fat zero.
The management does not seem to care about their residents well-being.
Yes the amentities are nice but you know what's also nice?
Do no rent from here period.
I've been holding off to review, simply because i'd hope it would get better.
Starting off, moving in was a huge struggle.
That was a lie.
This was not in the floor plan that i signed the lease for.
They also said they would follow-up with me about the issue, which they never did.
I ended up staying in the unit they assigned, which i've made work.
Looking at my actual apartment, there are so many things that are un-finished.
I was hoping that if i cleaned enough, it would come off, but it didn't.
Since moving in, the water has been turned off twice.
No explanation, no apology, and the office was not answering calls.
That was fine, but then when the phone rang, she yelled "stop calling" and ignored the phone call.
This seemed to be very unprofessional for an office staff, considering the water was turned off and people were curious.
That is their job.
Also, there are several features at rise that do not work.
First of all, the door to get into the building is often broken, and will not open with your key.
I have had to stand outside the building in hopes that someone would be leaving for the last week.
We have 5 elevators in the building and up till yesterday, only 3 of them worked.
This is not the first time the elevators have had problems.
This often causes long wait times to get into the elevator of up to 20 minutes.
The security at rise is also a joke.
This is very frustrating.
I've gone to the pool the morning after a huge party, and the place is trashed.
Sometimes the deck is closed because there has been broken glass in the pool.
I don't know how anyone can expect an honest opinion when people are getting paid to say something nice.
Overall, i would not recommend rise.
I hired golden west management to take care of my property in phoenix.
Where do i start....if it is up to me i would give them any stars but i have to.
They are unprofessional, rude, unorganized.
I had to break the lease within four months of signing it.
Please if you want to hire this company check better business bureau.
I totally agree with cassidy l and aaron f. because they did the same thing with me and my tenant.
When i first moved into the apartments, there was another office manager named jessica.
She was well aware of her company policies and was very fair.
After she left, monica replaced her.
Monica is unhelpful, harassing, and rude.
This turned out to be a big mistake.
Clay had shown the complaint to monica (real professional clay) and now monica held a grudge towards me.
Fast forward a few months later and my car, along with two others, had been broken into.
Her response: "i read your complaint about me, why don't you just move out".
Monica then had lights installed on the car port areas where it was really dark.
The only problem was that these lights would not provide enough light of the swankiest of wine bars.
The lights barely make it to the ground.
Just look at the lights and ask yourself why?
The reason why is monica does not have a grasp on reality.
Congrats living well homes, monica wasted money on those lights when they could have gone to improvements in the community.
Do not move in here.
Monica and her "boss" have both provide them selves unprofessional and incompetent.
Excellent place to call home!
State of the art amenities and caring team who works here.
I am very impressed by how well everything is designed.
Ipa management and the liv brands will soon be large players in the arizona property management world.
Not only do they listen and pay attention to what residents want but they implement as well.
Stealing my money is what this place is doing.
All parents do not rent a room for your child from this place.
Sign the lease at your own risk.
If you have money to blow, go for it!
I thought we were in america, not at this poor establishment!
I've been living here for over 3 years, i've never had a problem!
Never had any noise problems with our neighbors.
I would definitely recommend this complex to my friends.
Katie is kind, honest, funny, easy going, hard working, all around good person.
I met katie several years ago.
At the time we both worked for the same real estate broker in san mateo.
So i called katie and a meeting was set with my aunt.
Everything went exceptionally well.
Katie listened to my family's needs and concerns and took care of everything.
My family and i are very happy and appreciate all that she did.
She made a difficult time a lot easier.
If i ever need a realtor or someone i know needs a realtor in az i will definitely call katie.
Management needs to get it together.
Check in day....no refrigerator in the unit.
A neighbor next door opened a cabinet in the kitchen and they fell on her.
How did tempe approve this apartment which is obviously not ready to be occupied?
Fire alarms beeping...community areas not open.
Wow, so far disappointing to say the least.
I'm writing this review specifically to correct some deceptive statements on the one north/south  website.
One north/south is the farthest you can possibly live from uiuc without being on the wrong side of the highway.
Don't even think about cycling on lincoln ave.  another statement: "one is convenient to school, food, shopping and entertainment."
I can't think of anything that is remotely close or convenient.
Maybe a gas station.
If you want to go out late at night you'll have trouble getting home.
It really isn't worth the huge inconvenience of living in nowhere land just to save a few bucks on rent.
Absolutely the worse place to live near uiuc.
Management tries to steal as much money as they can from you and they never get back to you.
They show you beautiful model homes that look nothing like the apartment you recieve.
Saferides also doesn't take you to one north.
Worse place to live ever use your money for on campus housing!
This place takes advantage of students!
We were very hopeful and excited when we found the place.
The community was under construction as we were one of the early residents to move in during phase 1.
The property and amenities were all so new and the property itself was well kept.
However, as people started moving in that went downhill.
Seemed as if they were approving just about everyone.
$1900+ if you wanted to rent the detached garage.
The pool is 24 hours but there were many nights it was very loud very late at night.
So they dna test your pets in case the pet owners don't clean up after their pets.
Weird but kind of cool.
In hopes that there isn't poop left everywhere.
However, i got scolded for having my daughter's dog come visit me as you're not allowed to have visiting pets.
And i reported dog poop on the pool chair and was told that if it's dry they can't test it.
Now yes you read that correct.
On the pool lounge chair and i though dna was dna - dry or not.
So that was worthless.
I mean, how frequent do you think the staff will find fresh poop to test?
The management and staff were ok at the beginning but seemed to lose their enthusiasm as time went on.
Although carissa (the property manager) was always very nice.
Liv seemed to "nickel and dime" you for everything!
Want to have more than 2 guests over at any given time?
Get ready to pay.
Yes, pay to have your guests over for volleyball, swimming, in the game room, etc.
Oh and trust me, they'll notice.
Remember, big brother has cameras everywhere!
Want to rent the community room so you can have friends over or a dinner party?
If i remember correctly it was $100 per hour, yes hour to rent.
When you're paying $100 an hour to rent the room you expect to have it without issues.
So let's talk about the structure.
The walls and floors are so thin that i could literally hear my neighbor going pee every morning!
You could hear every footstep as if the ceiling was going to come caving in.
Our electric bills were outrageous (during summer months - easily $200+ for a 1300 sq.
Ft apartment keeping our air at 78 degrees or higher).
Needless to say, we moved out as soon as our lease was up.
Many of our original neighbors did as well.
And if you had a conversation with them, they'd all state the same.
Rent had gone down when it was time to renew or leave and they were giving a month free.
I think that eludes to suggesting people were leaving much faster than they could fill occupancy.
Oh, and they'll get you for your carpeting!
We took our shoes off in our home and our pets weren't typically allowed in the bedrooms.
However they were house trained.
I had asked to be a part of the walk through when i moved out.
I didn't get a call or a heads up.
The letter was also back dated by several weeks.
I refuse to pay it.
I know we kept that place very clean and in very good condition.
We also cleaned it before leaving.
For "upscale" apartment living that they claim, i wouldn't recommend this place.
It's got an appealing look to the place but the reality is very different.
They also held a happy hour from time to time  and breakfast each month which was nice.
Hence our 2 stars.
I am in complete awe.
I'm sick to my stomach.
This company is horrible.
I moved into one of there units one month ago and one thing after another just hit the fan.
I have been trying to get out of my lease since the 1st week.
Their all really rude and unprofessional at the company located here in phoenix off shea rd.
C'mon who does this to people.
Further more the unprofessional attitude and of the women at that office is just horrid.
I high recommend that no one do business with any of them.
Welcome to my nightmare.
By all means google the reps names there so that you never end up in this boat.
I will see them in court...
Escondido is now owned by living well homes as of november 2011 and is a fabulous place to live!
Please beware of the vue and there billing practices.
How does cameron creek not have any reviews yet?!?
I'm honored to be the first.
I would rate them 10 stars if i could.
Excellent staff, wow we were not charged any fees at move out, neighbors so-so, decent low-priced apartments near asu!
Nice pool and jacuzzi-thing too... and a dog park on the premises!
As apartments go, this place rocks.
Steve is so awesome.
As long as you aren't one of "those" people, he will be more than fair with you.
He really is a great guy.
Anna is very nice too.
Always pleasant, will know your name.
And the hispanic maintenance man (i'm sorry, i've forgotten the name - luis?
Is so nice as well.
Very friendly, always put up with my cats "helping" him.
Plus, he lives on the property... occasionally you'll see him around.
He's a very nice guy and easy to talk to.
He's a great, hard-working, genuinely nice guy.
Also, yeah, you will occasionally get roaches/bugs.
When you have a few messy neighbors, it happens.
Steve and anna deal with it swiftly.
Other review sites complain about this to an unrealistic point.
We had some roaches and they were on it like white on rice.
Sadly, we have since moved from cameron creek.
It's probably time to drop by one of these times when i'm in the area.
So, i miss you guys.
I hope the place is still full, as it usually is.
If i ever am in the market for an apartment again, you will be my first stop!
I have lived here now for about 7 months and can not wait to get out.
Their management is the major problem with this place.
So i did and got a letter from their attorneys.
If you have a problem with management like everyone does here good luck getting ahold of anyone that's more important.
I will take pictures cause i believe now we have mold in our bedroom that has been making us sick.
Please take this seriously don't get locked in
A minute or two later, a woman walked up with two men who appeared to be potential tenants.
I went to say hi, and the woman interrupted me, saying "it's gonna be a while.".
Then she unlocked the dark office, went in, and locked the door behind her.
The two men left, and after waiting about 10 minutes i left as well.
What a horrible first impression!
The worst management ever, especially the boss lady.
Even on the form no where was it mentioned they need ssn for  running a total credit check.
And they pinned the blame on me saying i dint fill up the number on the form.
So i backed off, i couldn't trust them anymore on signing a big document like a lease!!.
If i wanted this much legal scare, i would rather hire a lawyer n deal with it.
But i can't do that every issue can i?
Anyways got out of the crap and apologised to my roommate, and dint sign the lease.
Thank you rise for being amazing, i kept it 100 and  so did the chairs.
Very unhappy with pest control.
When we first moved in we were assured everything was under control.
First week we moved in, we found a scorpion in the living room.
For 3 days now we are dealing with earwigs, dozens of them and we found another scorpion.
We will not be renewing the lease here.
I would not send my worst enemy to this place.
I have never felt this unsafe in any other apartment living area than at university village.
I knew that this happened because these girls actually live under me.
I went to the office to ask questions and the staff acted like they didn't know what was going on.
If this place had security these things wouldn't be happening.
I can't wait for the day when my lease is up.
I would not recommend this place to anybody.
I have also notified my future landlord to let me know when i can move into my new apartment asap.
This place is horrible.
Shoddy workmanship, filthy carpeting throughout hallways and elevators.
Elevators constantly breaking down.
Walls are paper thin and tenants allowed to bang on walls and blare music at all times.
Don't be fooled by the pretty amenities.
Looking for an incompetent property management company?
Well look no further.
I am beyond disgusted the way this establishment lacks customer service and professionalism.
Well that didn't really go as planned.
We started the first week with a price drop after the management told me "i am asking too much".
Unbelievable how shallow and immoral someone can be to make false agreements without the landlords permission.
Honestly, do not waste your time here.
The lack of unprofessionalism goes from non-communicative inquires to never returning your messages via email or phone calls.
You are better finding some company who doesn't go behind your back and makes offers to just any person.
I can't emphasize enough the terrible experience my son had at this complex this year.
It was a brand new building fraught with infrastructure issues.
We had beers in the dishwasher from the workers the day the boys moved in.
Wifi was constantly down which is so inconvenient for a college student.
The carpets in common areas were never cleaned the entire year.
I never would have applied and wasted 31 $ if they had said that up front.
Do not use this company!
I have lived here for 5 months and i can't say i will be renewing my lease.
This place is just average and lacks customer service.
I've been told management changes quite enough around here to ever have an impact.
So far i have seen two property managers on site in the last 5 months.
This is definitely a smaller complex.
They only staff (1) property manager, (1) maintenance person, and (1) courtesy patrol.
The courtesy patrol is kinda of a mystery as i have yet to met the guy.
I'm dealing with a roach problem
Wish i did not have to give them one star.
Goldenwest is horrible and very unprofessional!
I can't tell you how may emails and phone messages go unanswered.
I have to keep hounding them to get anything done.
I know they are treating my tenants the same which is not the customer service i want to be providing.
I am leaving and recommend other owners to stay away!!
After a very rough start through the first 5 weeks, they changed management and it's certainly been better.
Unless you're a hipster, avoid this place.
I've only lived here for about 2 weeks and i have had nothing but positive experiences!
The office staff have been kind and helpful ever since my first visit.
There is always something to do and always some sort of community event going on.
Just last weekend there was a pancake breakfast and this weekend is happy hour!
Not to mention the liv rewards program where you earn points to use towards shopping :) so awesome!
I see myself living here for a long time.
Not going to renew contract for my son next year.
We make  many sacrifices to pay this high rent.
If you want people to be  patient when things break you should extent the same for your  tenants.
It goes a long way.
I asked for my recent concerns to be raised to your executive management.
No one has responded to my email.
Parents look at other places to send your kids.
Very poor customer service/communication and shady ethics.
Not sure if its just them or the clients they represent.
They changed the terms of the leasing agreement after i had filled out my application.
Great staff members who are community centric!
They also had a bunch of fake 5 star reviews on yelp that influenced that decision.
I later found out they were written by employees.
I received 10+ lawyer letters for various things and accusing me of anything you can imagine!
When i talked to other resident they had the same issues.
I spent a lot of time and money just responding to false accusations.
The first month my ceiling leaked the first time it rained damaging the ceiling (more on that later).
The management here is horrendous!
The leasing employees are completely clueless!
They have cameras throughout the property, not for safety like they claim, but to spy on residents.
Their response was "we have her on camera at 6pm and you got home at 10pm" scary!!
Terrifying to know that i'm being watched the entire time i'm there.
Back to the water damage..
So no taking the dogs out or walking in or out of my front door since it would be blocked.
I contacted the fire marshall that day and made him aware.
I was told it is illegal to block the only exit.
That's right, they wanted me to pay for the damaged carpet from the construction of replacing a ceiling!
I asked for pictures and they conveniently "forgot" to take them and said the debt was still owed.
Now i am in collections and fighting a debt collector.
I hope that you take this warning very seriously!
If you need anymore information or an even longer story please message me.
Been living here for 8 months so far, and love it.
Have had a few minor maintenance issues, and management has been very responsive.
The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, especially nick.
As someone who is in the marketing industry myself, take these negatives reviews on here with a grain of salt.
This is a great place to live.
Just down the way my other friend got his pedal bike taken right off his patio.
Don't move here to any liv property, pass it and go on to the next.
These people will lie to protect their small paychecks and we will see liv.
The truth will always prevail.
Lie and you have to remember what you lie about.
I've been living here for 3 months now and it really feels like home.
The manager, monica and the maintance guy, damion are amazing.
They are really doing a great job.
Everything is taken care within 24 hours and the location is perfect.
I'm very happy to live here.
And they even say it 's ok to change a room but you have to pay $200 per person.
My girlfriend and i just moved into cameron creek apartments a day or two ago.
We had some trouble at a previous apartment complex and needed to find a new place to live quickly.
We feel very safe and at home here.
I'll try and summarize how bad this company is.
We moved in a few months ago and did not have a working air conditioner in our home.
They continually blamed the owner and said they have no power to get anything fixed over a $200 limit.
The issue was finally resolved and we thought we could move past it.
The company and anyone i talk to in this office are unprofessional and inept at best.
They don't respond to emails or calls in a timely manner and cannot fix simple repairs.
I do not have enough negative things to say about them and i would advise living somewhere they "manage".
Alheli and marissa were fantastic and super helpful.
Any questions we had, they had an answer.
One of the easiest experiences i've had getting a new apartment.
Do not even exercise the thought of living here.
You will be completely shocked at the lack of accountability by management, and new issues will arise almost every day.
I take a cold shower every single morning, and that is ridiculous given the price.
Would give 0 stars if possible.
The staff makes it a mission to go beyond expectations to make sure residents are pleased with their home.
Also having the convenience of being so close to tempe marketplace and asu is a great bonus for living here.
I highly recommend here if you are looking for a wonderful place to live!
I'm to the point where i'm tired of talking shit about the rise because i'm living in shit.
Take my word and please do not sign your lease here.
I moved into rise this past january and the old management was awful.
However now that the new management has taken over things have completely done a 360.
Anything that would break, they would have it repaired either the same day or the next.
No worries though, go see the office- oh wait, theres nothing they can do, "so go file a police report."
Safety clearly isn't their concern!
Oh and when doing maintenance walk-throughs, they don't care about privacy.
Then leaves my room with the doors open.
Needless to say, i won't be resigning here.
They keep criminals in and offer to move us because "we're easier to deal with."
This complex is poorly run!
Do you think they've done anything about it?
This is absurd & no one should have to go through the things i went through at this complex.
Alien hall was the best thing i could've asked for as a freshman at u of i.
I spent many a night outside with fellow porch rats.
Discussing, smoking, listening, smoking and smoking some more.
I can't believe i had this place down as my third choice.
(the six pack was closer to the art building).
I don't know where or how i would've ended up without allen.
The worst experience in my live, the staff is awful and doesn't know anything.
It is a nightmare, and i really regret living here.
It's the worst part of my life.
The staff is nice and get to your needs as soon as they can, the neighbors are good too.
But i've lived here for 5 months now and there hasn't been a week without something breaking.
Don't count on the safety of being in a gated community because the gates are always broken.
There's always a pipe bursting somewhere so the waters constantly off.
We had a pigeon nest on our roof which caused a bug infestation that they still haven't resolved.
I've also found multiple scorpions that they keep saying they can't do anything about.
University is also almost as bad as living on apache.
There's always accidents or some kind of robbery or hit and run and the list goes on.
Rise is still a horrible place to live.
They also haven't cleaned their windows since building the place.
I can barely see out my window it's so dirty!
There's no excuse for that.
I can't wait to be rid of rise on apache and i honestly couldn't leave fast enough!
And of all things, if i was ever willing to renew, they raised the rent!
I've honestly never heard something more ridiculous.
I would not be renewing even if this was the last place in tempe to live!
This place is an absolute disgrace ~ and they're not remotely interested in customer service.
The location cannot be beat.
The amenities are basic, but exactly what you need.
Love my new apartment!
So nice and new!
Some small problems that the office has been figuring out very quickly!
Props to rise on apache!
Stains everywhere, broken equipment, and huge lack of security in accessing the floors.
These are high rents for small rooms and the kids are paying for an experience to live here.
Let's be honest, as parents we could buy a condo for less rent than this!
Don't know that i'd recommend this housing or that we will sign another lease.
We'll have to see how new management deals with important issues.
On a positive note; office staff were all very professional and courteous.
I'm sure their job is overwhelming.
Also, my daughter has not had any issues with the apartment itself.
Everything has worked perfect and no maintenance issues so far.
I have lived here for a couple years now and recently renewed my lease.
I have to agree with some of the lower star reviews, but those were written before new management came.
Since the new manager has been here everything has been nicer around the complex.
Other than that i love it here the neighbors have been great and the whole community looks clean and nice.
Management has made this apartment once again a nice place to live!
This place is pretty nice.
Lots of amenities...and was just finished being built.
But way too pricey for me.
It looks shiny from the outside but beware.
We lived here since it opened and nothing but trouble.
Water outages, sewer backups.
Management is not responsive.
Find an alternative to this place.
I was guaranteed floor to ceiling windows when i signed my lease and do not have anything near that.
When you call the front desk no one answers.
When you leave a message, no one calls back.
Do not live here!
Live at the district or the cottages but do not live here.
This place is awful and horrific.
I would give 0 stars.
My mom legitametly has cancer and the management is horrifc about my situation.
Mind you i didnt finish signing my lease to live here.
I haven't gotten a response.
That's not my only issue with this apartment.
It's unsafe as well.
The water got shut off multiple times and one time the water and wifi were both down.
Rise on apache i'm not paying you 350$!
I dont owe you 350$ but you owe me 300$!
The district is right across the street and its way nicer.
No guest parking either which blows!
This was an amazing place to live, quiet, safe, comfortable for the last 3 years....until management changed.
The new manager's family now owns the property and he is letting in every gang-banger in town move it.
Such a sad, sad change.
Noise all the time, and now i feel completely unsafe in my neighborhood.
Just a few months and i can get out of here!
I would honestly rate this place 0/5 if i could.
Oh, did i stress how bad the maintenance was?
My a.c broke earlier this summer and  they still haven't fix this issue after a month.
I've been living at escondido apartments for just under 2 months and i truly cannot complain.
You can't beat the location.
Walking distance to the stand, ingo's, lgo, postino's, jennifer's market, tee pee mexican food, a starbucks, and much more.
She is so welcoming and always, always available to help and answer questions.
I truly appreciate that.
Even after "responding" to my comments here on yelp!
This review is strictly for one of the agents who currently works at the charleston location, robert danner.
I recently received notice he now currently works out of that office.
Robert- i was referred to him by a good friend of mine after telling her how discouraged we were.
We were in no hurry as we had almost 8 months left on our rental home.
He didn't overwhelm us with a computer criteria search of homes.
Instead he got to know us and hand sifted through the homes and have us his top picks.
Thanks to robert's patience, we found the home of our dreams...a short sale.
He informed us this could take a while but didn't deter us when we strongly expressed our liking.
Six months later we moved in.
Robert was fantastic throughout the whole process.
Because of him we found the home of our dreams which we both fell in love with.
2 years later we have become increasingly happy with our purchase and have no regrets about the whole process.
Overall, my experience has been great here!
Friendly staff and amazing amenities!
Only issue has been the water, a/c and electricity have all gone out in a matter of two days.
Hope the building can get it under control!
I have been living at cameron creek since august.
There are a lot of cockroach around the complex.
I just try to move out as soon as possible.
Horrible experience with urban nest.
Since we don't live near the property, we trusted them with our home while on the market for sale.
They insisted on  new painting and carpet, which it did need.
But then hired non professional, non insured or licensed people to do the job!
They also wanted to do repairs in the home.
When we showed up unexpectantly, we found the repairs were not done!
We, of course, were charged for these repairs.
Needless to say, after all the lies and charges we fired them.
They then proceeded to yell at us and tell us it was all our fault.
Should have their license taken away.
This was pitched as asu student housing, which it isn't.
Told every unit had an island, which they don't.
Was told no problem so we signed the lease.
Financial aid didn't come thru and now we're being told we have to find someone to take over the lease.
Received a call from someone in the office that they found someone to take over the lease.
Fee was 85% of our rent and they'd send a check in a couple of days.
Too bad the people working up there either don't know what they're doing or can't get their stories straight.
They say the check was mailed.
They verified my address and will send another check.
I think over a month for a refund is unacceptable.
Will update post when the check has been received.
Absolute terror this place is.
As soon as we walked in, we noticed trash in the common area and on the porch.
When we complained about it, they came to "clean" the refrigerator but never did replace it.
Do not move into this apartment complex!
They do not check common areas before tenants move in!!!!!!!!!
I have lived here now for about 7 months and can not wait to get out.
Their management is the major problem with this place.
So i did and got a letter from their attorneys.
If you have a problem with management like everyone does here good luck getting ahold of anyone that's more important.
I will take pictures cause i believe now we have mold in our bedroom that has been making us sick.
Please take this seriously don't get locked in.
We're a family of four & we absolutely love our home.
Maintenance, security, office staff, all absolutely professional & responsive.
The amenities are top notch, and everything is so well cared for.
Goldenwest management is as unprofessional as can be.
The owner is about as rude and arrogant as i have ever met.
The communication from the hoa is consistently late, they are pathetic!!!
I have had issues which to this day, months later have not been resolved.
They are definitely more on the side of the tenant than the customer.
If you wish to rent a property you own, run the other way.
They will always side with the tenant and will give you the run around.
Plus the owner will treat you like an employee, his attitude is disgusting.
Avoid those disgusting people.
The absolute worst property management company!
This management company did not 1) have any idea which mailbox went with the house.
I literally had to try my key in every box in the bank of mailboxes to figure it out.
2) the floor flooded when i had the washer hooked up.
There was apparently faulty plumbing.
One never gets the same person when calling about a problem.
The calls are routed to more than 1 state.
3) they never gave me the hoa rules.
The hoa sent violation notices about weeds to goldenwest property, but not to me!
They do not allow anyone any courtesies whatsoever.
They treat their tenants as if we are non-human.
It truly is one of the worst experiences i have ever had.
I would never rent another dwelling from this group ever.
Looking for an incompetent property management company?
Well look no further.
I am beyond disgusted the way this establishment lacks customer service and professionalism.
Well that didn't really go as planned.
We started the first week with a price drop after the management told me "i am asking too much".
Unbelievable how shallow and immoral someone can be to make false agreements without the landlords permission.
Honestly, do not waste your time here.
The lack of unprofessionalism goes from non-communicative inquires to never returning your messages via email or phone calls.
You are better finding some company who doesn't go behind your back and makes offers to just any person.
Great place to live.
Really close to asu and facilities are great!
It definitely exceeded my expectations
Absolutely the worst management company i've ever dealt with.
None of their employees communicated with each other and gave us misleading information.
Our garbage disposal and also washer were very old in which we had problems with.
We paid for mechanics to come out many times to "fix" them but nothing was ever actually fixed.
They have $900 of our money that we will never get back for nothing.
Do not ever rent from these people.
One month in and i'm already looking to move out.
The elevators are repulsive.
Spilled food, beer, a used tampon!!!
They said they're amazing at matching roommates, which they in fact are not.
I wanted people who were studious, quiet and could be my best friends.
"no problem," they said, "we have the perfect girls for you."
Now, i am trying to do homework while my kitchen is full of girls partying.
By the way, i was given the worst room in the apartment.
I get no privacy and was left to hang up a curtain to maintain some.
The residents in this building do not respect it.
I was so excited to move in.
I talked this place up to everyone and now i can't wait to leave...
This is the best place i've lived at since i've been at campus.
Staff is very friendly and helps with almost any situation in a timely manner.
We had a couple problems when moving in but they were resolved quickly by maintenance.
Units are nice, sometimes need an extra vacuuming or two but overall very nice.
Smaller windows in both the living area and bedrooms than at the district ~ what a rip-off!
And i'll just quote one of the security people directing traffic at rise today ~ "it's a shit show."
I love everything about this place!
I moved in at the end of may while there was a special going on.
Once i found liv, i felt that this place was it.
I have had minor issues that needed to be fixed but maintenance has taken care of them quickly.
I love the amenities here and it's always so quiet and the people in the office are very friendly.
I will not be looking to move out any time soon if i can help it!
I had a good relationship with this management company until i had to evict a tenant for not paying rent.
I - the owner - was charged almost $400 in late fees that had accrued during the eviction process.
They refused to waive these fees, which proves they do not care about their customers.
The overall experience living here is pretty well.
The staffs are nice and the sport club is joyful.
But there was alway little problem existing... and the maintenance was not that in time...
Water is out again ~ students unable to shower for work or class ~ unacceptable.
I would not let my student stay there again.
I live at the vue now and management is horrible.
The pool is always closed and i've only been to it once.
A couple examples, i tried going to the pool to cook burgers at the grill but it was closed.
Last sunday, i went to the pool to cook salmon and the pool was closed.
Twice now i've had to walk to the other apartments down the street just to grill.
The weight room's lowest dumbbell weight is 75pounds.
Like i said, management is horrible, they never respond to emails, the staff is lazy and the office is disorganized.
They've misplaced my mail and took them two days to find it again.
That envelope contained over $1,000.
Thanks for being so careless.
Do not live here.
I have been living here for about 4 months now and it is an amazing place to live in.
When circle says luxurious apartments they mean it.
Salt water pool with under water speakers , party deck , fire pits and good quality furniture .
People in the community are good .
Very close to school so convenient .
**do not live here** out of the four years at arizona state university, the rise on apache was the worst.
If i could give a place 0 stars i would.
I've paid close to a grand every month of my lease and i think it's an absolute robbery.
The white walls and white counters are such a mistake.
They are easy to stain and scuff.
The hallways always smell like trash and weed and security does nothing to address the problem.
If anything they are creepy...
The rooftop pool is pretty when its not being used by drunk 18-20 year olds wrecking the place.
This place is an absolute mess and the staff that works there are unexperienced college students.
I beg anyone who wants to live here to reconsider.
It's not worth it.
Live at 922, vertex, or my personal recommendation the district on apache, or the new union.
This place is the worst and i had one of the worst years of my life living at this place.
I adjusted the rating from 1 star to 4.
This company is completely unprofessional.
I really hope they go out of business because they are liars and cheats.
I'm in love with this kind of living.
The property is well taken care of and is evident from the common use areas.
It offers so much in terms of amenities as part of the monthly cost of living here.
Although, i need to take into account what pros and cons i face when comparing california to arizona living.
There were a few hiccups that needed addressing.
However, minor as far as property management goes.
From what i saw, the move in process is fairly effortless.
It would benefit the (new) residents to have an office open longer than what is posted.
The key fob/gate key is poorly designed and seems to be intermittent in its ability to function.
That needs to be fixed, like yesterday.
Overall, nothing that would deter from making an informed decision about moving in.
For now, i'll just admire from a distance and visit when it doesn't feel like an outdoor oven.
Great i wish the i had a microwave :( other than that this place is alright.
The gym could use a squat rack and the that's about it.
This is a horrific place to send your college kid to.
I love living at rise, all of the amenities are so nice, and there is always something to do.
Overall a great place to live though.
Worst management company i have had to deal with.
Maintenance has hung up on me several times when calling to follow up with requests.
Also very slow at responding to emails.
Parking here is ridiculous.
There are never enough spots.
The dryers dont work properly and management wont fix them.
Everytime it rained, my apartment flooded on the second floor.
Time and time again trish said they fixed the roof and it always happened again.
A lot of the parking lot will flood as well.
Check the pic, i took it in front of the mailboxes after it rained.
Also, the fire alarm kept going off from the rain getting into the electrical system.
No one picks up their dog's droppings, but its close to campus at least.
Recently katie helped me and my husband find our dream home.
She was so patient and understanding with us.
We definitely recommend her in helping you find your new home.
I'm in complete awe at the attitude and distasteful service i just received.
I was made to feel like less a human because of my questions.
No person deserves to be talked down to the way this company does there tenants.
Goldenwest management is completely unethical!
They do not return calls or e-mails.
How do they repay me???
By keeping my entire deposit!
They charged me for cleaning and carpet cleaning when i provided receipts proving i had it completed.
They told me it was the landlord and they will no longer respond to me.
After contacting the landlord he told me they never even gave him the money!
I have filed a complaint with the attorney general's office and the bbb.
I have never dealt with a more unethical company before.
I have a spacious apartment with a walk-in​ closet.
Despite these seemingly nice amenities​, i would never recommend this complex to anyone.
After requesting these fixes, i came back from vacation hoping for a fully working apartment.
Things changed when a month into my lease i found myself inches away from a scorpion in my bedroom.
Now i get it, scorpions are a thing that you get when you live in arizona.
I came home to a signed illegible note that was to notify me that my apartment had been sprayed.
I thought this would be the end.
A few weeks later i attempted to go out on my patio.
As i was opening my blinds, i looked down and noticed a huge spider at the corner of the door.
At a closer look, this spider was a black widow.
At this point, i shut the door and established my patio as forbidden.
Only a week later, i was watching tv, looked over, and saw yet another scorpion.
I walked into the office to tell them about the situation and experienced no remorse whatsoever.
I was told that pest control had come the day before and that there was nothing they could do.
This apartment complex is terrible and has a manipulative and unhelpful management staff.
Do not rent here.
This place is awesome!
Super clean and the staff is awesome at getting back to you quickly should you need anything.
Strongly recommend this place!
Do not!, i repeat... do not move in here!!!
!, if i could subtract stars i would.
This apartment complex and management company deserves a -3 stars.
The office manager trish is a conniving, lieing, and untrustworthy person who doesn't need to be in this business.
They take their time fixing issues, and won't take care of the black widow and scorpion problem during the summer.
They treat the tennants like crap, belittle them and twist their words around to were they sound stupid.
And also when it rains the asians lay their smelly trash bags next to the trash area wall.
This review by auzair maiwand.
Eileen and dave were great and helped me sell this house in a very difficult market.
They did nothing unethical, including with your parents.
I have a feeling your realtor/broker lied to you and made you think it was urban nest's fault.
You are the ones who should not be working with your realtor (maryann).
They were grossly unprepared for move-in and they were clearly short staffed.
It's quite obvious that rise cut corners towards the end when trying to get everything up and running for move-in.
The notion that this building is somehow "luxury living" is nothing but laughable at this point.
The other review listed here must be fake!
You control the email you get from zip reality.
Katie is nice, katie is smart, katie is very, very hard working.
She has shown us houses near and far.
She put up with my indecision and  helped me identify places we could afford.
The zip site is extremely  ethical and internet friendly.
I highly recommend her.
The water is shut off again this morning.
At this point i don't know what else could go wrong.
Rise on apache is a joke.
I love everything about this community; the neighbors, staff, and the monthly activities.
I am about to resign my lease for another year.
Writing this review as we've moved out of liv after living there for our first 2+ years in phoenix.
It was a great place for my wife and i as well as our dog.
From the amenities - pools, fitness center, and dog park (great for socializing a young pup!)
To the friends we've made while living there it was all worth it.
I have never felt more disrespected as a customer of any company or a resident of a community before.
Stated in an email after he said "i can assure you that this was not the case."
It wasn't until later when i insisted on treatment that monica even contacted pest control to come out.
It started off slow - once gw located the issue they were smooth and nice!!
Everything i needed they helped out with.
My first time working with a project management company and it was good.
Great place to live.
The staff are nice, honest, helpful people.
There is an awesome pizza place (geno's) very close to the complex.
I have been living here for almost one year and i'm very satisfied with this place.
I love calling escondido my home.
It's location is awesome...great part of arcadia close to biltmore and downtown scottsdale.
Nice, safe neighborhood and quiet!
Great if you are an animal lover and i couldn't be happier in my one bedroom apartment.
The staff is friendly, helpful and always there when you need them.
Rooms are way overpriced for a building in need of constant maintenance.
If you're lucky you'll get to shower occasionally as the hot water rarely works.
Meal plan is absolutely bang average food is below par considering it's mandatory.
Their to go meals are only accessible until 9 am and the quality is poor.
Laundry's overpriced 5$ per load.
Staff tend to be rude.
If you want to have guests forget about it, unless they enjoy having their personal information and photo taken.
Unfortunately, there's nothing really positive i have to say about this place.
There is dog poop everywhere.
They sell doggy bags for a reason.
No one wants to live in dung or dog poop.
It is the most unsanitary thing i have ever experienced.
There is so much dog poop that the cement is stained!
This place is awesome.
I must update you all.
Tell me why we were charged more money.
We are being charged for utilities for two months (again he has not been there).
We were charged by the utility company itself and rise on apache is charging us for the same utilities.
Please do not let you children live in this place!
This is a total rip-off.
If you have money to waste by all means live there.
If you have a reasonable and stable income, reconsider.
I hope this helps future students and parents.
I know this review is lengthy, but this is a true story!!!
I wish i didn't have to give them a star at all.
Back in december 2016, goldenwest management bought my property from paramount property management, whom i loved.
Which then transferred over to goldenwest management when they bought our property.
Everything was going good until they conducted their midterm inspection, and my son's money went missing.
They stole about $115 from my son while conducting an inspection without someone 18 years of older present to supervise.
I didn't because it was just going to be hear say and nothing would get resolved.
About every 2-3 months, they are sending someone to inspect my home.
We swept, mopped and wiped down the walls in the home before turning in the keys on 08/01/18.
It does not take $500 to steam clean tile floors.
Also back in june on a thursday, my hot water heater burst.
I called them that morning letting them know.
I didn't receive a hot water heater until the following monday.
Which was never properly repaired.
Which i think they are.
I have yet to receive it.
I have filed a complaint with the bbb.
Gwm's deadline was yesterday, 09/20, they still haven't responded to my complaint.
If you are looking to rent through a rental company, do not, i repeat, do not rent with goldenwest management!!!!
They don't care about their tenants or the neighborhood they put you in.
Lived here for a year, a couple years ago.
The general demographic of residents is very mixed--some students, some families, some young professionals.
We had just a couple cockroach and scorpion encounters, but it's the desert, so what are you going to do?
Overall, we had a 2 br/2 ba for a very reasonable price.
Management was always friendly and maintenance, which was just a phone call away, was quick to respond to maintenance requests.
Guest parking was usually decent, too, in my experience, which was nice, since i often had friends over.
It's nothing extravagant or elegant, but it met my needs just fine!
I am not going to pay for something i didn't do.
My complaint through the bbb was not resolved.
Guess i'll be seeing this company in court.
This is the worst rental company ever!!!!!!!
I just had to put in another complaint with the bbb.
Lets see how this one turn out.
Absolutely terrible customer service.
Once you have signed they give you every condolence in the book but never attempt to fix anything.
Far from campus and inconvenient to travel back and forth.
Furnishings are minimal at best and we had to repurchase everything such as pots and pans, dishes, silverware and lamps.
Avoid this place if you can and spend your money on a slightly better-furnished apartment closer to town.
Edit: upon posting this, i was quickly contacted by the property and they are working to make things better.
Changed from 1 star to 3 stars
The pool is literally always dirty.
Location is amazing but pricing is way too much from what they deliver.
Get your things together parkside .
It's like being in prison.
We are in cages!!
I lived @ liv for 2 years and the community was filled with very friendly and sociable neighbors.
I even loved the gym & classes-especially yoga (included in rent!)
They were typically responsive and prompt with any needs or concerns throughout the 2 years i lived there.
Rebecca's review from april 2010 of the property is unfortunately quite accurate and i wholeheartedly agree with the reviewers thoughts.
The landscaping is no longer attended to in a timely manner.
The maintenance request take longer and the solution tends to be a band-aid rather than a true fix.
Very disappointed from my stay here.
Ever since new management took over the place, i was furious how the staff was running the complex.
Before the takeover from greystar, the staff was great and all my needs were taken care of.
When greystar took over, all the great staff that worked there were replaced by rude and totally incompetent people.
They keep advertising for giving money for referrals and i didn't receive one cent for my one referral.
All i keep getting an answer that the check was in the mail....nope!
I said to her are you kidding me??
I told her i was long gone and my keys were turned in.
The current staff has major communication problems and not keeping track on what is going on on their complex.
Totally disfunctional staff and extremely disappointed on how they run things.
Again, future parents do not rent from these people.
You will still be responsible for the rent.
If you are curious, management still did not assist in renting the former room my child resided in.
We have paid and will continue to pay until 7/31/2018.
These people continue to rent other rooms, but not my child's room.
It would not surprise me if they did rent my child's room and are still taking my money.
Poorly managed and poorly built.
Rent at your own risk.
Drunk obnoxious people and people jumping off balconies into the pool.
It's a college apartment complex so i guess what do you expect?
People are going to be loud, play loud music, and stay up all hours of the night.
It is one of the safer complexes in the area though with a cop that patrols every night.
Upon moving in, in august the pool was a wreck filled with trash!!
And every weekend it seems like the accumulation of beer bottles and cans around the complex continues to increase.
Who would think soo many people chew gum and smoke?
The people in the leasing office though are very generous people and willing to work with you on many things.
It just makes you wonder why it took soo long to refill the drink machine.
Please read:   i would live anywhere else in tempe other than the rise if i were you.
Lived here last year.
Went home for summer.
Came back mid july to take my belongings out of my apartment and move into my new apartment else where.
I get to my apartment & it is completely empty.
All of my room belongings were confiscated without mine or my guarantors knowing.
Bedding, backpacks, clothes, hiking pack, financial calculator & even 3 years worth of schoolwork.
What did management have to say?
They have "no idea" where any of my belongings went.
So my room was completely stripped & cleaned...
Yet my belongings are mia?...
They gave me a $300 visa gift card for an inconvenience fee.
Not to mention, my 3 years of finance schoolwork is priceless, but who cares right????
Moral of the story: management or maintenance walk in your apartment unannounced, without warning.
I was in the shower when a maintenance person stormed into my apartment once.
Do not trust this place, it is a scam.
They do not care about their residents & their belongings.
I pray that their management seeks guidance & advice...
Please consider this message before signing a lease at the rise on apache.
The staff was super helpful (i think her name was chloe).
Also, they gave me the mail key the day i moved in.
I lived in escondido 16 yrs.
For the most part i loved it.
I was blessed with good neighbors.
Of course i had to go through the rough ones to get to the better ones.
Unfortunately when i moved in the manager at that time stole my security deposit.
I lived in the same apartment 16 years.
Again current management denied the security deposit back.
I cleaned the place anyways as i believe in karma.
Had they given me back what is rightfully mine i may have given them 4-5 stars.
Originally we loved this apartment complex, alheli helped us find the perfect unit to move into quickly!
Yes they are repainting the complex, which is nice..
The front desk staff seems rude and less than interested to help out as well.
I have been in multiple times to ask various questions and have felt brushed off each time.
We will definitely be looking into other options for when our lease is up.
This company is awful!!!
This company is now trying to say that i owe them money, but didn't say what i owe for.
They won't be getting whatever funds they claim i owe them.
I even sent them emails with pictures of the damages while standing in their office.
I also have videos from 08/01, which is the day that i turned in the keys.
This company hired a bunch of snakes to work for them.
I made phone call but it's not my responsibility!
The office just put here to let you lose!
I will move out!
I can top all of you.
Disappointment is an understatement when it comes to this place.
My sister & i signed a lease a year in advance to ensure we got the exact apartment we wanted.
We signed a lease for a penthouse & were so upset to see our "penthouse" on move in day.
The unit did not have any of the amenities we were told the penthouse would have such as vanity mirrors.
It was clear that this room was thrown together pathetically at the last minute to name the deadline.
So we no longer have the penthouse we originally wanted.
Very very upset with this place & i would not recommend it to anyone.
Don't sign here if you don't like parties because there's no breaking your lease unless someone takes it over.
Even if you die, someone has to pay your rent.
It's a rip off to live here.
Not to mention there's no parking and any parking is $80 extra a month...
I have been generally pleased with my experience i have had so far living at circle.
I appreciate having the option of having a bathroom and closet attached to my room.
I also appreciate the vicinity it is located in because i am able to walk to class each day.
I agree with w.h.
Ever since new management took over, the staff has been really disappointing.
Laura who used to work there did an awesome job and was very courteous and respectful.
I referred one person back at the end of november.
Halfway in january i asked the staff when i will be getting my check.
One of the staff named robert told me the check should be on its way.
I kept checking my mail and received nothing.
Next week i asked another staff member named amanda when my check should be coming in.
Mind you it is around the third week of january.
Again i was told that the check was in the mail from corporate.
How long does it take to send out one check?
It doesn't take three weeks to send it out.
I'm so disappointed about this brand new apartment building!
My daughter moved in august 2017.
She was the first one to live in her room.
I thought it would be great, but its been a nightmare!
Her dryer didn't work and it took 3 months to get it fixed.
She had a light go out, but we got that fixed pretty quick.
She now is having issues with her freezer.
It was leaking water and not making ice cubes, i don't even know how long that has been going on.
She lives next to the garage door and gets to hear everyone that walks through that door.
I think the walls are hollow!
She has been having issues with the people next to her with their loud base music!
Have made several complaints and except for a few knocks on the persons door, nothing changes.
One thing i like about the place is jule, the manager!
He really has been trying to help!
I give him credit for trying to stick it out and make things right!
This is my first yelp review!
I wish it could have been a positive one!
Parents and tennants....be careful what you wish for!!!
Don't let old reviews scare you, things are running smoothly now with no past issues that often plague new buildings.
I highly recommend this property.
Believe these terrible reviews, this company deserves them.
As a renter, i experienced their neglect of the rental property.
Issues i brought to their attention, like active severe termite damage in the house, were ignored.
Their communication among employees was terrible, necessitating multiple calls and emails to address issues.
They took a week or longer to take care of maintenance issues, if they chose to respond at all.
They also charge the renter a $50-60 fee for any maintenance calls, which is ridiculous.
There were no problems they could charge us for.
We have notified them that we will be taking them to court over it.
Go with another company.
I've lived here for the past two year and my experience has been absolutely delightful with these blokes.
The front office has been really helpful throughout in fixing issues.
A very peaceful atmosphere which seemed much quieter than all the other communities i've been to around tempe.
My lease ends soon and i'd like to say i had a very pleasant stay at cameron creek.
Everything is top notch, from the gym to the resident hub and pool.
If you are looking at apartments, i highly recommend liv ahwatukee.
So far so great!
I've now been a resident at liv for a little over two months.
I've had minor issues and maintenance has came right out to fix!
Wear and tear happens and i totally get it!
I will update the stars and experience with my time here.
I will not steer anyone wrong.
Allen hall was the only thing i enjoyed about my tenure at u of i.
The students were awesome to be around, artsy without being obscure, funny, and all-around good people.
Low greek density, and right next to one of the only all-girls dorms?
I'm sad to be writing with a bad review.
We lived here for about 15 months.
Completed 1 lease and signed another.
They do not give a flying squirrel about anyone.
They will ruin lives and sleep at night.
So basically, today we received a certified letter giving us notice of a court date that has already passed.
I can submit my emails, my address forward, etc.
To the courts and i'm sure they'll reset the hearing.
No one called, we received not a single letter.
And now we've been evicted?!
From an apartment we moved out of a month ago.
Quite possibly the worst treatment i've received from a business.
Worse than some of the slum lord apartments i lived in when i was 20.
I'm just so, so disappointed they chose to handle it this way.
Please beware the will ruin you without second thought for how their actions will impact you for years to come.
They push leases for a reason.
Renters beware, sniffle sniffle.
U-ville is a pretty cool apartment, especially if you live in the flat top apartment because the rooms are huge.
Don't live in the townhomes the rooms are tiny and its so annoying to walk up and down the stairs.
The flat tops are definitely more open which is great.
The living situation has been horrible here.
The rooms are smaller the the size of a dorm room & it's very clastophobic.
Thank you for having the massage chairs, and i also did yoga in our amazing sauna today!
Class all the way!
I moved into rise this year and i love it!
It is the nicest building, and a great location!
The management seems to genuinely care about the residents too, so that's a plus!
7 minutes ago  monica in office is so, so helpful.
Really pleased with the outcome having worked with her about our lease.
She's very communicative, straight forward, and otherwise great customer service.
We loved the community while we lived there.
Great residents, great amenities, espresso included.
I was one of the first people to live here in a "penthouse."
Complete rip-off, this is just a glorified dorm room.
Power and water went out at least 5 times during the year, sometimes not coming back on for a day.
The hub has a hot tub and way better offerings for a penthouse.
Rooms are extremely small, and built as cheap as possible.
I could talk to my roommate through the walls and hear everything from the living room as it echoed badly.
Sure, it might sound nit picky, but i paid a lot of money here.
Do not live here.
I'd rather live at home than at this place.
We have four rental homes in scottsdale, as our retirement fund.
We need to pay mortgages, insurance, property tax, repairs, and management fees so these properties are far from cash cows.
Lauren, our gw rep has always responded quickly and competently to our needs and our tenants.
She has a good balance of fairness to the tenant as well as to us.
Gw employees are actually professional vs our former agency.
They have a tough job.
I'm curious about the negative reviews here, some of them a few years old, mostly from tenants.
Why are those old reviews on here?
Do not sign a lease at rise on apache!!!
This is hands down the worst apartment complex in tempe.
Since moving in august 2017 the building has had non stop issues with everything from elevators, to appliances.
Water for the entire building has been shut off on four separate occasions, all occasions without notification.
The rise staff are completely unhelpful and have no answers or reasoning behind any of these issues.
I have personally met with the property manager jule who is absolutely no help.
Jule and rise has done nothing to remedy the constant issues.
Do not sign a lease at rise on apache, you will severely regret it
They have always been prompt and professional in their communications with me.
Whenever we had a change over in tenant, the house was quickly rented due to their proactive advertising efforts.
They're the worst managment company to ever exist.
They are charging me with fees and lying about where they came from.
I am having to sue them just like the rest of the people in this review section.
Never ever rent from golden west managment.
I am disabled and have ptsd and they have made my life so difficult to the point of contemplating suicide.
I am not kidding.
I wake up wanting to die almost every day.
They ignor repairs and charge the $60 repair fee for shit that isn't my fault.
Lived there for over a year and it was one of the worst apartment complexes i've ever lived in.
Have a noise complaint?
Packages stole outside your front door?
They don't help with that nor will they even look at the security footage to help you.
I highly recommend not living here, what you pay for this apartment is not worth it at all.
Look elsewhere for apartments.
Also they have a lot of scorpions, even on the third floor.
This is by far the worst place i have ever lived!
There were fire alarms almost every week and yet there was never an actual fire!
The building was constantly under construction (monday-saturday 9am-7pm) which i was not informed of prior to my move in.
While all the construction was going on, the building was simultaneously falling apart!
Flooding, ceilings falling through, just ridiculous for the amount of money you pay.
Most of the time the food was barely edible and the lunch to-go program was disgusting.
Either the sandwiches were days old and were therefore soggy, or the bread was still frozen!
Honestly i could go on and on about the terrible things i experienced during my stay here.
Do not live here.
Dont give them any money.
Worst apartment complex you could get in tempe especially for the cost.
They lied about what the complex was going to be and look like.
Our lights in our apartment do not work.
I will admit this time they gave a notice and said it will be shutoff between 12-5 am.
It is now 12 pm and there is still no water.
Management will not talk to you about any issues.
Every review that the rise comments on is please contact us so we can improve.
You can't even talk to them.
There is no guest parking, so hopefully you do not have any friends.
There are students dorms on campus that are nicer such as manzanita, tooker, barret, villas, and vista.
The only purpose is for the rise to make money by their false advertising and paid yelp/google reviews.
Do not live here, you'll regret it.
I am being generous by selecting 1 star, as zero stars is not an option.
I am so disgusted with the fact that this apartment complex leisurely discloses personal resident information, to other residents.
I find this incredibly unprofessional, and very unsettling.
My leasing consultant is extremely untrustworthy, and should not have access to residents' personal information.
Based on my experience, i will never lease at a liv property again!!
I had a good experience with cameron creek.
Great, quick service and professional management made it an easy decision to resign.
!my suggestion do not walk away from this company run!
We have lived here for over a year now and absolutely love it.
Really can't beat the location with so much to walk to.
There are a lot of apartments in this area (we toured them all) and liv was easily or favorite.
More mature, relaxed and friendly crowd here and we very much prefer that.
Also the front desk and maitenance team have been incredible for us.
Amanda at the front is always quick to respond to emails and help us with anything we need, she's amazing.
Also david from maitenance is always fast and friendly if any issues come up (which they rarely do).
We honestly love it here and plan to stay for a long time.
If you are traveling to or through toronto over the summer with friends, i highly recommend staying here!
It is looking within walking distance to chinatown and a few subway stations.
The rooms were very well maintained and they provided all of the linens for the bed.
The bathrooms were really clean and best of all, free wifi!!!
If you are driving in, i recommend parking at the graduate hall underground parking garage.
It's just off of spandia and two blocks north of willcocks (it's adjacent to a coffee shop on the corner).
It's $7/day but you have to buy a pass everyday at 8am or they will give you a ticket.
I def plan on staying here again when i go back to toronto.
I've been striking out on hotels lately... might be time to change the brand.
Eravamo al 21 piano.
Odoraccio nell ascensore e nel corridoio.
Gli asciugamani prima di usarli li abbiamo aperti e uno era sporco di sangue..... meglio che mi fermo!
Colazione inclusa e per chi vuole mangiare saltando il pranzo è ok. parcheggio sotterraneo a pagamento.
Unica cosa positiva, la posizione.
The officers here are not that polite and it takes them weeks to make a new key for me.
I had to write a review after stumbling upon the reviews i've recently read.
I even had to chuckle about the person who wrote about the manager getting into fist fights.
When you click on the people who left 1 star reviews that seems that's all they do..   anyways..
I have now lived at liv for 6 months.
When i first came to tour the place matt is the person who bent over backwards for us.
He answered all our questions in a timely manner and moving in was a breeze.
I was sold as soon as i had seen the model.
The backsplash in the kitchen, gas stove and beautiful granite counters had me smitten.
The amenities are open 24/7.
The rooftop is breathtaking.
I don't have any pets but there is a cute area for them.
There is always a calendar of events.
Unfortunately my work schedule does not accommodate me to join in on the fun.
If you do get a chance to go, you'll earn points good towards a gift card.
So far i've earned $50 in the last 6 months.
The staff are all super understanding and willing to help in anyway they can.
The gym could have a few more things but overall nice.
It over looks the pool.
More than likely i would like to renew my lease.
I've moved 9 times in the last 4 years but this place feels like home.
I wish you could own instead of rent.
We had a great stay at this hampton inn.
The area is quiet!
The breakfast was very good:  hot entrees, fresh fruit and of course lots of coffee.
The staff was particularly friendly and helpful.
We were given some great guidance and suggestions to help make the travel very enjoyable.
The airport is only 20 or so minutes away so that was not a deal breaker.
Overall it was a great experience and would definitely return.
Close to almost everything you could need!
Groceries within 1.5 miles, restaurants around the corner, etc....
If anyone is considering belle haven apartments please think twice.
The office staff is ill qualified under manager chrissy elder.
All in all the maintenance team is great, sully is one of the best i've ever met along with sebastian.
Thanks, and happy apartment hunting.
Ups clearly stated they left it at the front office and that it was signed for.
She acts like she has such superior.
You're an apartment leasing assistant manager, have a better attitude.
I will be contacting waterton corporate to complain.
Grounds very kept, clean and updated pools ( 2).
Special fenced dog run area.
Unit has updated appliances ( stainless steel), washer dryer.
Carpet 25oz fleck continuous filament nylon.
Bathroom updated modern with dark bamboo strip vinyl.
Ceiling fans, mood lighting, vaulted ceilings, and balcony.
All my neighbors are very pleasant, polite and respect everyone's peacefulness.
Complex is spot-on summerlin with smith's next door, along with endless restaurant choices.
The property is freeway close,  with the downtown strip about 20 minutes, airport about 20 minutes.
Free wifi in office area.
Gym with modern equipment 24 hrs.
As a cycling enthusiast, the roads with little traffic if any,  is a cyclist dream along with 11' bike lanes.
I had a great experience living i would definitely rent here again.
I would also recommend other people to live here.
Free coffee every morning!!
I lived right behind of the main office.
The gym is really nice!
The pool was nice too.
Staff was great and so was the maintenance staff.
Always around to help and take care of anything that need attention.
The frisbee golf course is dope!!
The location is awesome !
Next to everything !
No, no, no, no - anywhere but here.
This is basically a college dorm situation.
* no tv`s in the rooms!
* tub liner moves under feet, only time until it cracks and cuts someone.
* broken ac - repairman had to come service it.
* humid even with the ac on.
* smell - some kind of cover up (?)
* mold, water damage, several hairs on door in bathroom - definitely not mine.
(i have few left and what i do have is short.)
* curtains that don`t close, leaving big gaps.
I had to use several binder clips that i requested from the front desk.
I`ll post photos, if i can figure out how.
This was one of those 'fun while it lasts' type of apartment complexes for me.
My roommate and i moved here in june, 2010 and stayed til july, 2011.
We had a 'roommate style' 2-bed/2-bath apartment that was somewhat spacious and pleasant to live in.
Easy to maintain aside from one particular area; the laundry room.
Literally wedged between an area of the kitchen and the fridge, the room was an absolute mess!
I think even management showed us before we moved in that was "supposed" to look that way!
Well, my time of living there was enjoyable...while it lasted as i mentioned earlier.
She just seemed like she couldn't be bothered unless you were coming to give her a rent check.
I hope that it has "stepped it up" a bit since 2011.
This property fulfilled all of that and was within our budget.
However, the best part of this property is by far the leasing staff.
Mike and kerri have taken great care of us since day one.
I've seen a lot of bad reviews regarding car break ins and bad parking.
I was sincerely shocked to hear that this property had ever been associated with this.
Regarding the parking: i have definitely witnessed this as a problem.
Again, very impressed with the property staff for taking care of this issue.
Overall, i am satisfied with my decision to live here.
Good apartment, good location, great leasing staff.
These apartments may look nice, but that's just about all there is to them.
Have been here for a little over three months after relocating to the area and didn't know any better.
The apartments are extremely noisy.
You can hear every move that your neighbors make.
When they open their cabinets, flush their toilets and close their front doors.
You will hear it coming, you will hear the horn and you will feel the walls of your apartment shake.
The worst part by far though, is the parking situation.
People park anywhere, along curbs and in front of the garages, which makes it pointless to pay for one.
There is a car incident about once a week.
That makes sense, right?!
Do yourself and your sanity a favor and stay far, far away from this place.
After researching this side of phoenix, i finally decided on 9920 apartments.
I'm almost at a year on my lease and re-signed for another year.
The complex is quiet, and, as a guy, feel safe walking around it at any hour.
My unit was clean upon move-in and rarely run into any maintenance issues.
If i do, the maintenance staff has always handled problems with 24 hours.
Having lived in over 12 other apartment complexes, 9920 is easily among my top favorites.
To be fair, as with any apartment complexes, there are things to consider as downsides.
Currently, there is ongoing construction of a new wing that has been going on for well over a year.
They have always helped me with anything just like the previous owners.
Additionally, the management has done a decent job of placing notices about noise levels and restrictions.
Overall, i have really loved 9920 apartments.
For me, it's exactly what i need and i couldn't be happier.
The entry area is nice - with a good fireplace, and the breakfast is good.
The sheets and the room were some of the cleanest i've seen in a while, so it balances out.
In fact, it's probably one of the safest areas to be in, in calgary.
This place deserves negative stars.
Apartment dirty moldy air conditioner broke no lights toilet won't flush.
Do not move in here.
Asking for my money back or going to the city over the mold issue.
I can't move in yet because of how crappy this shit hole is.
I've been renting here since december 2016, and i have been very pleased with the amenities provided here.
They also have free breakfasts once a month.
Third, the maintenance guys, joe and rick, address any maintenance issues immediately, and they do it well.
I really love the amenities and support of the staff.
The liv north scottsdale has just excellent services for their tenants.
I can not stress enough do not live here.
They let the property lights go out for days making it unsafe to be walking on the property at night.
I feel like i can't even take my dog out worried if someone is behind me.
I work 8-6 and they expect me to get to the bank because of what they did!
They don't give you all the information you need when you ask questions.
Do not even stop by.
Have lived here over a month and really like it.
The apartments are new, spacious and the common areas and grounds are well maintained.
Stay clear of this place!
It is over priced for what you get.
So if you take showers you have to do it while the sun is down.
Upon moving in the place smelled like smoke and the office said the attempted to remove it.
The carpet was bad and we were sure to document it!
They put on a good front when you are looking to move here but don't be tricked.
They are robotic with responses and have the "there's nothing i can do for you" attitude.
There is no genuine concern for residents.
Actually, i have seen way better dorms.
The hotel was going under serious rennovations so there was construction everywhere and elevators out of service.
You can see wires hanging out of the tops of the elevators where it looks like signs use to be.
The room has a very uncomfortable bed, a desk, and a dresser.
There is also a bathroom in each room.
The bed was so uncomfortable that i could barely sleep at night.
I spent half of my trip with achy neck and shoulders which led to severe tension headaches.
I suggest you being your own blanket and pillows, anything to make you feel more comfortable.
I also saw a few bugs crawling around my room so make sure you check around.
Especially the list i wrote at the bottom!!
I also have noticed random key scratches on other cars too.
I have also had my water that i get delivered.. stolen from my house.
I see late night addicts walking around like zombies on the occasions i come home late or walk my dogs.
The communication in the office is horrible.
They just changed ownership... and its been over 4 months and this place is getting worse.
Can't walk anywhere without stepping in dog poop.
This place is a scam for all that they say about it.
You are not safe in this area... which is right across the street to one of the most expensive neighborhood.
Everything is old... when my refrigerator broke down... they replaced it with a used broken handle refrig.
So now it works but i everytime i open the refrig... it breaks off.
Please please please... take your time to find a place that's at least worth your money!
Most important..... drive around and notice all the cars and how they parked.
The pole is too close and the cars are angled so they don't dent the door!!!!
And wait until u wake up and notice someone scratch your car
We were looking around and stumbled onto this property.
We were met by chris and she was so very nice and personable!
She showed us two apartments and they were both very nice.
The only big challenge we had was the size of the living room and we having some oversized furniture.
But the grounds are very well manicured and it's located in a great area!
Close to shopping, restaurants and boca park isn't too far.
Although this wasn't the apartment for us, definitely one to look into !
I enjoyed staying at this apartment complex.
It's a quiet community with wonderful amenities and also conveniently located by grocery stores as well as retail shopping centers.
The beautiful walking trail in the back provides motivation to get outside and move your body.
Overall my experience living at liv north scottsdale was an extremely positive and luxurious one.
It really made all the difference in the first impression.
I think that is one of the most important parts.
The stainless steel appliances (gas stove stop ) worked well and were appealing.
Washer and dryer were top of the line.
But i did miss an entry closet (washer and dryer took the whole close up).
Underground parking in arizona, loved that!!!
The dog park could've been cleaned more often and more lighting is definitely needed in the dog park.
The staff are friendly for the most part.
Walking distance to two amazing shopping malls.
Rent is expensive but if my job brought me back to scottsdale i would move back here in a heartbeat.
But what pissed me off most about was..
Upstairs neighbors stomping all night day manger getting into fights with tents  manger need to be fired!
Not capable of doing her job must have family that owns company so poorly managed!
Inside look 15 years old not 2 run tried charging me 14 k to move out
Sadly they look down at everyone.. working at a fancy complex does not make you high class !
This apartment complex needs some respect to all cultures !
Love living at theses apartments.
Very friendly and safe quiet  neighborhood.
Great places nearby for shopping and getting the essentials.
The staff are great.
The new manager deea and her employees lori and lisa are nice and friendly always helping me right away.
Packages are always there in the office to pick up, easy and quick because it's organized.
I even get water offered everytime i go.
They   even threw a catered breakfast for all of us here living at the apartments.
I had a small leak and the maintenance guys were at my door asap with friendly smiles.
They fixed the problem in no time.
I would definitely recommend living here out of all the other apartments nearby.
The new management has done a great job with resident services, landscaping upgrades, maintance requests.
Am particularly pleased with how the assistant manager worked with me to resolve a major issue.
I have lived here four years and this new company is making the complex a great place to live.
This was a pretty okay hotel/dorm residence!
The breakfast was pretty good and complementary and the hotels location is very good !
We were minutes away from the yonge and and dundas square which was very convenient for us!
I would stay again just because of the location the price.
This place is good for a night stay or a weekend stay.
I drove over immediately after work, around 530.
I was greeted by diana and asked if they had any 2 bedrooms available.
I was told they would be closing soon and i can see the availability online and schedule an appointment, wow!
I am just moving in, so my review is just based on how things are getting in.
But, the way i have been treated thus far has motivated me to keep others in my position updated.
My first contact was with sandra, who, as far as i am concerned, is an angel.
She is very nice and 'matter of fact'.
I believe she has confidence in her company.
She is a great communicator and very patient with some of my ridiculous questions.
I think my apartment is beautiful, it was absolutely clean when i came in.
My neighbors have been very nice and there is a normal volume of noise when you go outside.
I have not had to use maintenance yet, but i will keep you updated as i go along.
The so-called security deposits are listed as "fees" in the rental contract.
When i signed the contract, they told me they were refundable and non-refundable deposits.
My $100 refundable deposit and $350 non-refundable deposit were all up-front fees.
I really loved it the first time.
Great value ($100/night) including a very nice breakfast.
The way the beds were made was annoying - top sheets used as bottom sheets which slip and fall off.
I probably won't stay here again although it really is a decent price.
Maybe it was just a bad week.
Liv north has a lot of amenities that interested us enough to fill out an application.
However, the app didn't assure us the apartment we liked.
We had to put money down to hold the unit picked until the app was approved or denied.
They wanted us to put more money down for a deposit due to lower credit score.
Ok we could do that possibly.
We were given 72 hours to decide.
We let the liv know...and that's when we were told that the $240 "hold" monies would not be refunded.
We hadn't signed a lease, we hadn't committed...we were told we had 72 hours!!!
Very disappointed, but hindsight glad to find out before we were locked in there.
We couldn't imagine the unprofessional behavior that could follow this.
Where do i even start....  1.
I just got here and it's "our" fault...  5.
This is the worst place to live!
With the amount of money you're spending.
You're definitely wasting it here at 9920!
Management is by far the rudest, and most inconsiderate!
The staff knows nothing and don't know how to go about certain situations!
None of them can get their story straight!
Definitely filing a complaint!
Here is such a great place to live.
I have a few friends who live there and really like it.
The two story apartments have such great views!!
I definitely think i'll be spending a lot of time there!
Hampton inn university is a decent hotel but will not be an often repeated lodging for me.
Plus side:  staff is super friendly and efficient.
My check in and the hotel care were all superb.
The room is comfortable and well appointed.
Free wifi and plenty of usb charge points let you work and play in a modern room.
The hotel is too far from downtown to enjoy the great city of calgary.
There is a universal weight machine that has no instructions.
No free weights or dumbbells.
Not enough space to stretch or do floor exercises.
The free breakfast is best avoided.
Nice rooms clean and bright with reasonable rates
My girlfriend and i moved in from out of state here at the palms for almost 3 weeks now.
We were greeted with such nice and welcoming staff.
Signing papers going through all that they made every thing clear .
As if they were not trying to trick you in any ways for any type of deposit and all that.
I signed everything understanding exactly what it meant .
Got our keys came in and i was actually surprised with how nice it was.
My girlfriend had picked it out and i never seen it before coming.
You can't ask much when moving into a one bedroom apartment and paying what is asked here at pecole.
I think it's actually a pretty good price.
You get one covered parking.
The others have to basically first come first serve on the other uncovered spaces.
We had a couple of things that needed to be fixed.
I called one day and the next day and had someone knocking on the door to come fix it already.
I thought that was more than great.
He came in and was very nice and had the best attitude.
He fixed what was needed except the windows because they needed to make an order for it.
We put another work order in for that and 2 days later they were back.
Again the second person that was here was very nice and had a good attitude.
All in all, the palms of pecole ranch i'm rating 5 star because they are well worth it.
I been to many apartments and there's not one that was full of such helpful and great attitude staff.
Of course there's little things here and there that you may not like but let's not get too picky now!
You get what you pay for.
Hands down the worst apartment complex i've ever stayed at/wasted money on.
The double tandem garage was nice and spacious, great apartments themselves but the management is a completely different story!!
I advise you stay far away from this complex as it is like germany in 1941.
Have a sound system?
Once again, apartments are nice but the management makes the apartments as nice as a studio in north phoenix.
It sucks that such a beautiful property has somebody like her reflecting bad on them.
Corporate well also be contacted as it seems there has been more people with the same issue as me.
This was a very nice hampton inn - one of the nicest we have stayed in.
The facility was clean and up to date, the staff were friendly and helpful.
It is very convenient to the train.
There is lots to recommend this hampton.
Don't believe the negative reviews!
This place is as good as it gets.
My husband and i love living here with our 3 pets!
That's right, you can have 2 dogs and 1 cat here.
No other place in the valley ( that we are aware) allows 3 pets per home.
Very dog friendly atmosphere with a great 'bark park'.
The amenities are open 24-7 regardless if the office is open or closed, also a rare find.
There area lot of social events such as monthly pancake breakfast and happy hour.
It's great living next to the quarter with an easy walk to shops and dining.
Seriously, not sure what else you could ask for...liv has it all!!
Maintenance tried to walk out with my stuff.
The claimed they assumed i had abandoned the apartment and they where going to "clean it out".
When i went to the manager and she got all insulted that i would dare accuse them of stealing.
If you value your property stay away!
One week in, still awesome!
Nice neighbors, pretty quiet.
Their website is great for residents, they keep you updated on what's going on.
Only been here for conferences and have to say that the venue is great for a graduate school event.
Food is decent with plenty of rooms for breakout sessions.
Staff are accommodating and friendly and the venue does not interfere with the residence.
9920 has gone downhill ever since there new management team has joined.
It's unsafe now swat teams coming in to raid apt.
This place is great if you like seeing roaches every week.
We lived on the second floor and had problems with bees and roaches all the time.
Apartment designs are also extremely old.
Carpet is beyond old as well.
Also you can hear everything your neighbor does.
Definitely a shame for being in such a nice area.
Wouldn't recommend or rent to anyone.
One week in, still awesome!
Nice neighbors, pretty quiet.
Their website is great for residents, they keep you updated on what's going on.
I moved into 9920 apartments in 2013 and i loved it.
The staff was friendly and each maintenance request i submitted was processed and completed in a timely manner.
I felt safe there and the office always worked with me whenever i had any one off situations.
However, 9920 has undergone new management and they appear to be money hungry.
They've raised the rent super high and screw people out of their money.
I moved out and they pretty much claimed that my apartment was damaged etc.
I would caution people when moving out because they'll screw you over.
Also, the apartments are really nice but they're overpriced especially for that area.
I moved and my insurance went down $56.
This property is under new ownership and it has gone to the waste-side for the past 3 months.
There is literally no one coming to clean out the dog poop trash cans.
The property has pigeon infestation and the pigeon poop is all over the concrete walk ways in heavy disarray.
I have put in several maintenance requests for months to have it cleaned up.
The maintenance people have told me they have a hydro sprayer and submit the work order.
I do and it never gets cleaned.
I would not recommend this place.
The one down the street on charleston is better
I am still so happy living here!!
Such a great staff, keith even moved my furniture back for me!
Everyone has been awesome and i can't stop bragging about the staff and my experience.
Thanks for taking care of me!
Great hotel for a quick trip!
The kitchen units are fabulous and their breakfast is all you need with lots of options for kids and adults.
Good value for sure and the swimming pool is perfect.
Great location and the facilities were all clean.
The service was also good and housecleaning was nice.
I moved to this apartment because of location and work distance.
Also, i lived in a nearby complex apt and the price was within my range.
Boy oh boy what a mistake have i done!
Don't be fooled by their nice website and the community center.
During the day, everything seems fine.
Once the sun goes down, all the creepy crawlers come out.
There are tons and tons and tons and tons of crickets everywhere.
When i say everywhere, i mean it!
Crickets on the stairs, parking area, sidewalk.
Crickets of all sizes.
Add tons of small roaches as well.
And everyone knows that where ever there are small roaches, there is an infestation, period.
You guys have any idea of all the diseases and bacteria roaches carry?
The pests have totally gone out of control.
There is no way i can walk my dog at night.
Everything in my apartment is shut, but still the crickets get in.
Saw one coming out of my vent about a month ago.
You guys have a pretty bad infestation.
This is totally uncalled for, specially if you guys are charging me almost $10 for pest control, per month.
What do you guys do with all the pest control money that everyone around here pays?
You guys should really be ashamed of how poorly pest control and maintenance is.
I am not the only person who is worried about this since ive heard others talk about the same thing.
Children play on the grounds and tons of people walk their dogs here.
Do you really think it is healthy having so many pests?
Another great experience at a hampton inn!
Super clean and a great staff!
Near the train stop.
The only reason it's not getting a 5 is because it's in a sketchy part of town.
I like to run after work, and i did not feel comfortable/safe doing that in this neighborhood.
Alternatively the fitness center was clean and the treadmill was modern!
Got burglarized 3 times within a year.
End of the story.
Something is really wrong with this place.
As an industry partner i thoroughly enjoy the entire office staff; especially debbie.
She is quick to respond and is very welcoming when you enter the office.
I recently move these apartments.
So far everything is been great.
Staff are very helpful and nice.
The apartment is spacious, modern and clean.
The area feels safe.
Hope stays the same way.
The palms at peccole  ranch is the best apt complex !!!
Very clean rooms, looks nice.
Free wifi, complementary breakfast, pool...
The receptionist was a bit sassy though.
Got a decent discount for late night booking with the fam :)
Very crappy kitchen and appliances.
I made an appt with maint, but they didn't show.
I called 30 mins past appt time.
They said everyone went home.
No apology, only excuses.
Never heard them say "sorry".
I can't wait to move out of here!
Eravamo al 21 piano.
Odoraccio nell ascensore e nel corridoio.
Gli asciugamani prima di usarli li abbiamo aperti e uno era sporco di sangue..... meglio che mi fermo!
Colazione inclusa e per chi vuole mangiare saltando il pranzo è ok. parcheggio sotterraneo a pagamento.
Unica cosa positiva, la posizione.
You can eat here with a guest pass for $5.
All you can eat.
Menu changes day by day.
The food is not bad overall.
Nothing i loved, but they have variety.
Burger, meal depending on day, salad bar, pizza, sandwiches, soy milk, veggies, and ice cream.
Solid three stars for this hampton inn.
Hello gold frames around the mirrors.
Now that is service!
(i'd previously called housekeeping to see if they had one i could borrow and they were not helpful at all).
Isn't that the beauty of staying in a room that comes equipped with a mini-kitchen?!
Having worked in the hotel industry for a number of years, i know how the whole availability/rack pricing stuff works.
The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Check in was quick and went smoothly.
The room was quiet, and the amenities included hair conditioner (which is a big deal to me!!).
That said, the lobby itself was big enough that it didn't feel crammed or over-crowded at all.
Do not rent here!!!
Burglaries, scorpions, terrible management, and overpriced!!!!
The people who work in the leasing office are under qualified and lack basic customer service.
I had a sign to not move in here when i was first looking and i should have paid attention.
They refused to rent me any apartment other than the expensive "upgraded" model.
I learned this after a girl who works in the leasing office and lives here told me!
I've had multiple things in my apartment go out and maintenance never comes until i've called upset multiple times.
The girls up front are nasty.
Incredibly rude to someone paying $1450 a month to live in one of their 2 bed apartments.
Do your own spraying for pests because they don't.
I have never received 24 hr notice before someone enters my apartment & i have 2 kids!
I feel incredibly unsafe here & thank god i have a lawyer and i'm a real estate agent.
Just purchased a house and getting out of here as fast as i can.
I never leave bad reviews & i just couldn't take it any longer with this place.
I absolutely love living in these apartments.
It's quiet and private, and sometimes i forget that i'm not in an actual house yet.
Not even the management, well they don't enforce their own rules.
People create their own parking spaces, often times blocking others from getting out easily.
The complex itself is very small, so there isn't much to it.
What pisses me off the most is seeing so many garages, when they could be valuable parking spaces.
I moved here from bexley steelecroft, which i highly recommend!
Steele creek is a great neighborhood, and is developing.
The counter tops and appliances are nice, but do not make up for what this place lacks.
We were lured in by a $1000 gift card upon moving in, deceptive, but worked.
There are trails behind the apartment buildings that are incomplete and you can not walk down them.
The grills are in the same place that dogs go to the bathroom, and so is the only trash receptacle.
I can not wait until our lease is up so we can escape!
The train shakes our apartment when it goes by, and we aren't even that close to it.
Any time someone leaves their apartment, your apartment will shake if they are inconsiderate and let their door slam.
They have a lot of cute events for the residents, which is nice.
The club house is beautiful, but the work out room is small and cramped.
The materials they use to build this place are cheap!
Avoid it if you can, and do not be tempted by the gift card!
I wish it were though... looks alot better, and the pool is bigger.
Visitor parking is very poor along with the parking in general in the apartment complex.
They tow very easily and the property managers are not friendly.
I would not live here again.
I moved here because i liked the floor plan, the models are very nice but the units are undesirable.
I should've run the other way after reading the reviews.
I can hear everything through these walls; sex, snoring, alarm clocks and clear conversations from the bedroom next to mine.
My unit is ant infested.
Ants are continually coming into my shower and kitchen area.
My microwave stopped working as soon as i moved in and now my dryer doesn't work.
No one in the office can tell me when the dryer will be fixed or replaced.
There are no laundry facilities at the complex.
The closest laundromat is 8 miles from here.
The units are very old and need to be upgraded.
Dogs are allowed here so outside there is dog poop everywhere behind the office.
My neighbor downstairs plays movies in surround sound vibrating this whole building, very disrespectful.
The office staff is ok.
Maintenance is slow responding to work orders.
As soon as my lease is up i will be moving out of here.
I really wish living here was more pleasant.
Maintenance man keith knight has came into our apartment numerous times for light repairs.
He is amazing and very respectful.
Our family is very happy with this property.
We are sad to go but we've found a home for our expanding family.
If you're looking for a home in summerlin we highly recommend you check out peccole ranch.
Also might i add that we have never ever had a pest problem.
One big highlight for me!
Zero stars if i could.
We booked through bookings.com.
Unaware that this really is t a hotel.
It's an aging dormitory, populated by foreign students.
No televisions in any room.
No wireless internet, even for a fee.
They will rent you a router, but no wifi.
Many newer computers don't even have an ethernet port to use this type of service.
And you can just forget about using your phone or ipad.
Rooms are spartan at best.
Outdated particle board furniture.
Graffiti in the hallways.
(remember, it's a college dorm) beds are very uncomfortable.
Most campsite cots would give you more support.
Long story short, this place is a dive, in horrible need of a remodel and modernization.
Not worth a fraction of the $120 a night we paid.
Avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid!!!!!!
This review is based on the swimming/gym area & not the housing itself.
The parking in the area is very sparse.
I had to wander around a few times to find an open uncovered parking.
The hot tub is usually lit at night and for some reason it wasn't when i visited one time.
Okay, the nice part :]  the pool is pretty big.
In fact, there are two pool areas.
I visited the "main gate" pool, & it's pretty spacious for big groups.
I always look to see if there are enough chairs/seats to accomodate for the groups that i'm with.
& the chairs were plentiful.
The gym isn't an lvac, but it didn't expect it to be.
It serves its purpose.
Can someone turn on the lights please?
I can't see a thing.. since i don't swim with my glasses on..
I love living in 9920 apartments.
I have lived here since july of 2013 and renewed my lease for another year.
Regarding interiors, i live in a two bedroom and have seen the smaller three bedroom.
My queen bed fit fine but if the bed is king and larger it's a tight fit.
The shower rods in both bathrooms are round and really add an elegant touch.
The closets are walk in-with wood shelving & plenty of room.
The carpet in my apartment is light beige which is pretty but not ideal for kids.
Tile in kitchen and bathroom is ceramic and the color is light but forgiving.
Maintenance is prompt and reliable.
I moved in back in may of 2017.
First off, the apartment was nice, but definitely not nice enough to match the high pricepoint.
No pantry, no storage, and damage all over the place.
- our back door is falling apart.
The border around the window literally peels off and it looks rotten underneath.
We have had to stuff blankets around the doors in an attempt to keep it at a livable temperature.
- the staples keeping the carpet down pole out all over.
We have had to wear house shoes to keep from poking holes in our feet.
- part of the wood laminate in the guest bathroom was peeling up.
(picture attached) - both of the bathtubs had paint all over them.
Literally painted light blue with wall paint.
Every time we bathe, small flakes of this paint come off and stick to us.
(picture attached)  - the master bathroom's toilet has literally never worked.
- many of the lights were missing bulbs, but we can't take the light fixtures apart to replace the bulbs.
While i loved the original management, it changed shortly after i moved in.
There wasn't really enough time for them to fix much.
However, the one work order we placed before they left was handled promptly and was handled completely.
- the lights across the complex went out for three days.
- one of the pools stopped being cleaned at all.
Previously, there had been nets at both pools so you could clean up the debris before getting in.
Both of them disappeared immediately.
- i was stung by a scorpion inside my apartment.
- maintenance orders began to take a week to receive any help, and mostly didn't fix anything.
- cut down a lot of the bushes and trees around the complex.
(picture attached) - put huge storage containers in the parking areas full of trash.
Those have been there for almost a year now.
(picture attached) - they randomly leave huge piles of dirt and rocks blocking what's left of the unassigned parking.
Aside from all of that, the people in the front office have been straight up rude.
They have repeatedly tried to charge us for being late on rent (when we weren't!).
They act like they don't want anyone to live here, and i regret ever moving in.
We're so happy we live here.
It's been over a year, and we're about to renew our lease for another one.
Not a day goes by where we don't appreciate some new aspect of living here.
I started to notice a new charge in my rent, a hidden fee called the "cam fee" which is $8.
( i used to ​pay almost $35 in cam fees in the other location).
I also noticed that you guys have started to "remodel" certain areas of the complex, which is nice.
However, i wish you guys would prioritize things.
Are new pool chairs and new blue pool trash cans a priority compared to everything that needs to be changed?
How about better lighting, not just in the front office area, but all around the complex?
They are also located in the weirdest areas.
The only gazebo​  with a bbq (next to dog park) is so horrendous and dirty.
People can actually get sick with these bbqs​.
You wanna keep raising fees, but yet you don't better yourselves at cleaning and trying to maintain pests away.
Hopefully,​ this upcoming spring/summer will be better.
Last year crickets and roaches were out of control.
You could not really walk your pet or take a nice walk out after 6 pm​.
All the crickets would come out, jump at your legs while walking and roaches everything.
Even if you kept your entire apartment locked and clean, crickets would come through the air vents and cracks.
I had to always keep an eye out.
This is on a second floor​, can't even imagine those on a first floor.
Crickets and roaches are definitely not good for your health, especially in big quantities.
Children play in the common areas and dogs are constantly been walked.
Don't be lazy and give us our money​'s worth in pest control.
With all the rent money you guys collect, aren't you able to maintain the potty dog bag areas full?
There are hardly ever dog bags available.
I remember once there were none for about a month or so.
I always carry my own, but damn guys.
Please take the time to read and analyze all the complaints and do something about it.
Especially the pest issue.
Trust me, working on things beforehand​ help that pests don't get out of control during the summer and hot days.
I hate leaving bad reviews, however, these things had to be mentioned.
I am extremely impressed with liv north scottsdale.
Their front leasing office area has so much character by itself!
I met with kristin and she has so much personality!
She was very tolerant with my 8 year old son and i know that can be hard!
I loved everything about her presentation of the property and she made sure i had no further questions to ask.
The amenities are amazing, the location is ridiculously awesome, and the apartments are so perfect!
I can find very few flaws here.
They have daily-weekly-monthly events and activities for the residents.
I could definitely take advantage of group fitness and thursday happy hours!
This is definitely a front runner in my apartment search!
But otherwise it's not a very pretty place.
Nice find in nw calgary.
Hotel undergoing renovations right now, but we had a good new suite.
Breakfast very good with lots of choices.
Right next to the light rail so easy connection to downtown and the zoo.
Also right next to the football stadium.
But otherwise very happy with the hotel.
We have lived here a little over a year and have been very happy and impressed!
The location is unbeatable and so are the amenities!
You can enjoy all the perks of scottsdale quarter and kierland within walking distance.
The fitness classes by jose contreras are also one my favorite perks of living here!!
Great personal trainer, kicks your butt into shape but also super friendly!
Been living here a week now.
Nice upgrades floors, paint, carpet, in the units.
3 stars for the units and the location!!!
Instead they credited it towards our rent for the first month.
So the welcome letter is signed and dated between myself and the leasing specialist which creates a contract.
It's $50 but more than that it's the principle behind the matter.
Be careful with these little things, there's landlord-tenant laws that protect both the landlord and tenants.
They know once a contract is signed, it's signed.
And their water is turned off seriously every other week for repairs.
The mattress felt like about an inch thick piece of foam, but was surprisingly comfortable.
The pillow was standard issue, and the towel was small enough to be a hand towel in some other hotels.
The biggest drawback to the room for me, was the power supply placement.
One of the best features for me was the access system.
I love living here and have been a resident almost two years.
Love the layout of our apartment!!!
The garage is so big and spacious, patio is huge, and very quite community which is a plus.
They have a pantry for food and lots of cabinet space.
Deea and lisa are the best management.
They take care of us and our very accommodating.
They take care of all maintenance issues, and make sure i get all my packages.
Never have to wait long at all.
Deea and lisa are assets to your company and they are irreplaceable.
No one could ever fill their shoes.
Just an idea, please get dish network in here also.
I found some really great prices for cable.
We want to stay here forever!!!
Do not move to this crap hole!!
Never handle any of my concerns !
You been warned !!
I moved out a couple of months ago after living here for a year.
Within a month, the 4'x4', .25 inch thick mirror fell off the bathroom wall.
My call to the emergency maintenance line was never returned.
Had he been there when it fell, it could have killed or seriously wounded him.
The clips were not put on until a month after the incident.
The first two times, we were very accommodating and understanding.
The third time, we refused to move again.
No compensation was ever offered.
The staff are very quick to blame dogs for just about any complaint they receive without actually investigating the issue.
Stains on the elevator floor?
Must be dog urine.
It was really liquid garbage leaking from the cheap totes the valet garbage guys use.)
After they told us that, a pest guy came and checked the building.
Bad smell in the hallway?
Must be animal waste.
It was a clogged floor sink in the mop closet.)
Liv also doesn't enforce their own pet policies.
Four other people in my hallway moved out within 3 or 4 weeks of our own departure.
The high turnover in both staff and residents speaks volumes.
And don't bother submitting a review to them, even if they ask for one.
I was solicited for one, so i sent it.
It was pretty on par with what you see here.
Naturally, they didn't post it on their website.
They never contacted me about all the issues, either.
Bottom line: i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
This could be the most incompetent and unprofessional staff ever assembled !
Good job higher ups !
This property is run like crap !
Please do yourself a favor and never rent on this property !
Formerly the colony hotel, this is where i lived in first year uni.
It was the first year it existed, so i am going to assume they have worked out the kinks.
(think many 4am fire drills and drunk teenagers traipsing up and down 25 flights of stairs.)
I can't believe no loud mouth u of t student has sounded off about this rez.
You're right in the heart of downtown toronto and still *very* close to school.
The meal hall there is vastly superior to other residences and you get your own bathrooms.
Sincerely yours,  nostalgic nancy
I moved in january 2014.
Honestly, it's 1 of the dopest places to live if you're the ages 18-30.
The layouts are spacious and clean.
The location is perfect.
People mind their business & it doesn't even feel like a apartment.
But then i got raided in november that year & got evicted    for marijuana.
& now it's legal.
The park next door is beautiful, however, the new management company is ridiculous.
The office staff have no problem dismissing residents and there are always problems with their online website and rent.
I'm disappointed in the customer service at this location and the treatment of residents.
This is a much-better-than-average hampton inn.
Parking is secured (and covered!)
Fitness equipment all worked, and there's even a slide in the pool for the kids.
Will definitely stay here again next time i am in calgary.
In a nut shell.
- trash valet, though they can leave stinky liquids in your hallway sometimes.
Cons: - management will not address the several car and apartment break ins, they refuse to put up cameras.
- no where to park after 8pm.
When there is available parking i still see people park in front of buildings where they are not suppose.
So getting in and out of the apartment complex is too complicated.
We were given parking permits, rules are never applied though.
- pool is way too small and below trees, so mostly shaded and dirty.
Could probably fit 15 max comfortably.
- walls are paper-thin, you can hear everyone above and below and beside you.
- water temperature is lukewarm, forget taking a hot bath.
Shower water pressure is mediocre.
- never get anything shipped via fedex or ups to your door.
Had several items stolen and leasing office will not hold items for you.
Overall, i wish i never moved in.
Save yourself the hassle honestly.
Moved in because price was great and location.
Prices increased ridiculously as well, totally not worth it anymore.
Management, like most, only snag you in.
Once they have you they don't care what issues you have.
They only make excuses and have no back bone in addressing anything.
Please don't move in, you will most likely regret it.
Did i say location location wooo its gonna be fun to live here :) talk about spoiling yaself :)
I stayed in a similar setup in montreal, a university by academic year, a hotel by summer.
I had a good experience there, so i figured i'd try it out in toronto.
They also had the cheapest rooms in the downtown area at $120/night.
They charge $24/night for parking.
Not sure if that's standard for the area, but i felt it was a little pricey.
The hotel staff wasn't really friendly.
The elevators took forever.
The rooms weren't clean and the lighting wasn't good.
The beds were terrible, not comfortable at all and only came with one pillow.
I was pretty sore waking up the next day.
I thought the free breakfast would partially redeem the hotel, but that was pretty bad too.
I've been staying at the hampton inn & suites  for a few months now, while i travel for my job.
Additionally, the floors are very thin, and the doors are very loud.
This place has gone completely down the tubes.
It is 100% ghetto now.
Ever been to south central  los angeles?
Welcome my friends this is pretty damn close.
Double parking,  drug deals, swat teams waking you up.
Yes,  this is the new apartment version.
We even have water bugs now.
Can't wait to move.
I would give zero stars but they make you rate at least a star.
Good luck putting work orders in you would think you see the maintenance men always working outside on the property.
It actually takes days maybe a week getting them to your apartment.
The pool was shut down by the state earlier this yr. and now i see why.
Took her straight to doc and that's what it was.
Just when we thought it was safe to go back my other child caught pink eye.
We booked this hotel through hotels.com and stayed there for two nights.
We arrived tuesday evening to find a line at the front desk, and only one worker.
Then, a lady asked for internet.
We finally get to our room...and it is really no frills.
No tv, microwave, any of that.
An alarm clock that you have to plug in yourself and set the time to.
The ac didn't work very well.
The shower, however, was very nice.
The water got hot and the pressure was spectacular.
No wifi (you could buy a modem for your laptop for $5 a day).
I thought every hotel had wifi nowadays.
I mean, it is 2015.
Spend your money at the hilton double tree across the street.
Do not ever live here.
Facilities are okay, not exceptional.
But staffs are really rude.
After you sign and move in, they completely change in the way they treat you.
Office managers, especially kelly, cannot keep her words, and try to take money from you everyway possible.
Like the previous reviews, officers here are not polite, and are rude.
They never reply to emails if it is regarding something that they do not want to hear.
Never sign with them.
5/5 stars for what this hotel is.
It's not the fairmont or the westin.
But it's clean, safe, fully equipped, and complimentary breakfast to boot!
And what really made it a 5 was the reception i received.
I arrived at about 2130h and the one person at the desk was so friendly and so real.
She genuinely wanted me to have a good experience and was helpful with several questions.
I'd stay here again anytime.
They say head wounds bleed a lot.
I am reminded of this as i step over it every day.
We also used to have security.
Those were better days.
Then there was the lovely landscaping.
Now we have a row of diseased trees slowly dying.
Hasn't the chainsaw-wielding idiot ever thought about what business he's in?
I know my tree won't survive this.
It takes my breath away to see how horrendous this, my most favorite tree, has been chopped and sabotaged.
Predictably, they only chopped off the healthy limbs this last round.
Are we supposed to not notice fewer trees left standing every week?
The landscape was the selling point of this decrepit place.
That overflowing pile of crap isn't going to take care of itself.
Home invasions, i mean inspections, are up with this militant group of short men.
One of the most memorable was a few inspections ago (was that last week?
Allow me to reiterate​: they did this little task while i was still in the bathroom.
The impression i was meant to have was that my existence in my home was a nuisance​ to them.
I wondered if they really wanted us to move after a decade of paying the annually-increasing rent on time.
Now that we have new management, we have new maintenance.
They were nice enough, but they don't respond as quickly as the last team.
This is after a week of convincing management that we do, indeed, need the use of our kitchen sink.
They also completely ignore repairs they don't deem as emergencies.
Things like a light switch not working.
We just have to live with that.
The mature landscaping, however, won't return.
This transient ownership has forever ruined my home.
This is by far the worst place ever.
I came as a visiting guest and parked in front of the apartment home.
My vehicle was towed within an hour of being there.
There were no signs anywhere within the area of parking!
I had no clue where my vehicle was located!
This is absolutely ridiculous and several neighbors all stated the same thing!
This place is one of the nicest apartment buildings in the area.
It has a park, a pool, a fitness center, free coffee and tea in the lobby area, etc...
The crowd is very friendly and pleasant.
It is kept very pristine, in tip top shape and so nice and quiet at night.
This place is fantastic for families and kids, has many upgrades and things to do.
I like that it is close to restaurants, parks and malls.
The place is well lit and i feel very safe here.
Would recommend this place to my friends and family!
Cars speeding all hours of the night.
If you enjoy people bumping music all hours of the night this is the place for you.
It looks nice, but it's ghetto as it's better renting in the hood.
The pool closes early and they are super strict after it's closed and will kick you out.
If your a smoker be prepared to be harassed as this is a non-smoking community.
Go green save the planet type of environment.
They will harass you and kick you out.
Trash service comes early so again if you work late and like to sleep it won't happen.
The units inside are rigged so be prepared to have things break quit frequently.
It's not piece and quit always loud so if you like quiet not for you.
Office personal are terrible and rude they won't work with you.
Price is way way to expensive for what you get.
Honestly the worst place i ever lived and i don't recommend this place for anyone.
Please find somewhere else better to live you will thank me.
I moved out out at the end of july, and i haven't got my deposit after two months.
So i call them and they asked me to wait for another week.
Still, i didn't get it.
Then i call them again and they say they are going to reissue my despite.
Another week passed, a woman called me that she is going to mail my deposit.
However, there is still nothing there.
I called yesterday and the guy told me my deposit check is in the office !!!
So who told me the check had mailed?
Are they doing all same kind of things to international students?
Burnham dont have to give back their depsot  after they left.
I am very very very disappoint.
So please take a very careful thought before you are trying to move in.
I recently posted a review for gateway at tempe and it was taken down shortly after.
There are dozens of different 1 star reviews here on yelp that are "not recommended".
And are not shown at the main page.
Look for them on the bottom of this page.
This is the worse apartment ever.
The manager is extremely rude and the staff are so clueless and stupid.
Read the contract before you sign it!!
You pay a lot for shitty treatment.
Not to mention they lose your packages all the time!!!!!
And they won't take responsibility for anything since the manager would just say they are not liable!!!
This is the worse apartment i have ever live in and the rudest apartment people i have ever dealt with!
I have been living at city 15 for 6 months now.
I love it here, and plan to stay!
It is a great location and has that vintage style that i am looking for at a very competitive price.
The management is doing ongoing renovations, but they are mostly complete now and are very nice.
My experience has been that the management is very responsive and quite friendly.
I appreciate her efforts, her experience, and her professionalism.
This is the kind of service i did not receive at my prior apartment.
I enjoy walking my dogs under mature shade trees along the sidewalks inside the gates.
I think my neighbors are nice, also.
Sometimes, negative reviews can come from negative people.
I urge you to come and see for yourself how charming these apartments are.
The flat rate rent is a perk but still expensive for having 4 roommates.
The ac went out multiple times.
I only saw roaches inside a handful of times.
You will not sleep here.
The walls/doors are very very very thin.
Overall this place is very nice on the grounds/outside but the actual units are old, run-down, and just plain dirty.
This place is truly not worth the money they're gonna try to charge you.
The front office is a joke.
Save yourself the hassle.
Recently moved to city 15 and i absolutely love it here!
Please note that most of the reviews are older and prior to the renovations and upgrades.
Had a great move in experience, both tim and bani have been very nice and helpful.
Love the pool, clubhouse and gym.
The bark park is super cute and convenient for those with dogs.
It's a fairly quiet community and feels safe and secure.
Can't beat the location and love the landscaping.
I can look out my window and see lovely bougainvillea across the way.
Love how large my kitchen is and how much cabinet space there is in the place for a studio.
It's a great deal for the area with utilities included.
So glad i picked this place!
Management has made great strides in changing how gateway is run.
They overhauled internet service providers, have better trained staff, and maintenance is more reliable.
Great changes to see happening.
I've lived here for the past year.
If i could give this place 0 stars i would.
There were beer caps under the couch, dirt everywhere, and long hair stuck to all of my bathroom walls.
I pay almost $800 a month for this horrid place.
This is the worst apartment complex do not live here.
Don't sign a lease at the cottages till you have talked to current residents!
I can only list so many of the problems with this place.
I have lived at 3 different university housings, but this is the worst one.
The place was built to fall apart.
Your paying way to much money and getting nothing for it.
The shuttles are always broken or for some reason not coming to get you.
There is dog shit everywhere!!!
Don't sign a lease!
Las vegas was my home for  over a year, would phoenix be that different out past the city limits?
We arrived at the townhomes at biltmore in may.
It was perfect 85 and sunny, a far cry different than pittsburgh where there were still gray trees and skies.
The townhomes are in a great location, walking distance from so much in the arcadia/biltmore area.
Lgo, postino & radiomilano are a 10 minute stroll - delux burgers, zen32 and restaurant noca the same.
There were washers & dryers in every unit, 1 covered parking stall (important june -oct ) and a pool.
I would have stayed, but the price was too much for only me after she left.
I would recommend this location to anyone, unless of course, you have big dogs and/or a flock of kids.
I really wish i could give this place 0 stars.
I have had the worst experience living here, and i pay a ridiculous amount for the quality of this complex.
Parking system sucks all around, if you are coming to the cottages i suggest you don't drive.
Even if you have a permit you will get towed because all they want is money.
They fine you for everything.
The rent keeps going up, and i can't believe they keep getting away with raising it.
This place is a scam.
You pay for a nice pool and that's it.
I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!!!
Gateway apartments is the most exploitative, overpriced, terrible apartment complex in tempe.
The management hates to acknowledge the sexual assaults.
The only reason we knew that they had been by was by the tools they left behind.
After a while of living there, you will not wonder why everyone at asu calls it "rapeway."
Heater sometimes not working strongly.
Air conditioner works well.
Water and sewage works fine.
But i will say this deandre(?)
Kid was incredibly useless, he was rude, had no idea what he was saying and kept pulling out his cellphone.
Those 4 and 5 star reviews you're seeing... that's from sorority girls and frat boys living there...
This place is a greek-life hub.
Not in a good way.
I could give out my stories and experience but i don't think its necessary.
The other low-reviews do a pretty good job of that anyway.
Have fun apartment hunting :d
My name is justin.
Valley king and especially mary and the gentleman that helped me saved my life literally.
My wife walked out on me and left me with nothing but great credit.
I had a past as well and a 55 pound dog which made it difficult to find a place.
Oh yea, they gave me a cold glass of water that helped me from passing out.
Mary and her co-workers went to work and found me a home.
I would recommend this place to anyone without it i would of been in a really bad spot.
God bless every one of you for helping me in my hour of need.
I visited to view a 1 bedroom option.
While i have not lived here i'll comment on things i think are a pro and a con.
Pros include side location, assigned carport located steps from front door, 24hr emergency maintenance line.
First floor is 1 bed rooms with 9-15 foot ceilings depending on location.
Second floor is the 2 bed room options.
The apartments are often surrounded by citrus or other trees which seem to help on shading.
Decent back patio with slider doors.
I liked what appear to be recent upgrades and back splash additions as well as the wood plank flooring.
Cons, the outside doesn't exactly match the inside.
While the inside looks to have nice upgrades the outside is an older building and shows it.
Rent and location are appealing.
Staff was very helpful and polite and answered all out questions.
Didn't push to sign today and instructed us we could always go online and apply there easily.
I have lived here for around 6 months so far, and it has been absolutely amazing.
The staff are very friendly, the pool is amazing, and the community is just so inviting.
I wouldn't want to live anywhere else while i am a student!
He got my brother into an apartment right away.
I'll recommend them to anyone looking.
Thank you valley king!!
Campus pointe has great amenities.
Pool, tanning, gym, free printing, free water and snacks during office hours.
Now the downsides, the walls are thin, very thin.
You can hear everything.
The apartment is made of cheap materials so a lot of things break.
For example, those marble desks that are in your bedroom?
Just marble decay glued onto wood that starts coming off.
The price of these apartments are way too expensive for the distance that they are to campus.
If you ever want to go anywhere you have to drive, take the bus, or uber.
The roommate situations are bad if you chose to go random, do not recommend.
But they are pet friendly which is nice because most pet friendly apartments around here are in pretty bad shape.
There is also plenty of grass space so you can let your dog out and still spend time outside.
The downside to this is that, pet owners do not pick up after their dogs!!!!
Their is pet waste all over the grass.
This has to be one of the biggest ripoffs for housing for asu students.
The charges made to my son's account at move out were unreasonable.
Chalking this up to one of my worst decisions.
Would not recommend the cottages to anyone.
I wish i didn't have to give them a star at all!
They always advertise all of their amenities but do not say that they never work.
Everything is always breaking down and the cottages are all very cheaply constructed.
The amenities are always broken and "being repaired" and their two study rooms are a joke.
I have never once been able to use them because they are always taken.
Like really two study rooms for an entire complex of college students.
Half my car is always in the sun all day.
Then at night there are always kids throwing glass bottles into the parking lot.
Getting a guest parking pass is always a mess and they are never available and you will get towed immediately.
The cottages will fine you for everything and anything and is always on top of their fines.
It is a lie that they have on sight security all night.
Management is notoriously horrible as well.
Good luck being able to call the office to get anything done.
If you think about moving in 310 burnham, well....think again.
There was no room for negotiation but blatant threats from the crew if you intended to argue.
Marvista rentals is hands the best apartment rental agency i've ever rented from in the pittsburgh area.
I've been a tenant for the past 2 years at two different locations and could not be happier.
They are attentive, responsive and take pride in the quality of their properties.
To start, they actually clean their units thoroughly before move in.
Once a tenant, they communicate regularly and are extremely easy to reach via e-mail.
Angela at marvista typically responds to any question / concern within a day the e-mail was sent.
As far as maintenance goes, marvista has a staff handyman, jim, who takes care of any maintenance need that arises.
Apart from being super friendly, jim actually cares that the problem is fixed asap and done well.
Lastly, the units themselves are beautifully maintained with high end finishes and not rented at an astronomical price.
Marvista rentals receives my highest recommendation!
!3-star for the apartment but 0 star for management.
They only care about money.
Once you sign you are screwed.
I stayed here for 3 years.
First year, the management assigned me a roommate of the opposite gender by accident.
They still needed me to pay the rent difference cuz it's different floor.
How ridiculous was that.
When i complained about compensation, they simply ignored my emails later on.
That was my cue to leave but i was too lazy to move so i renewed my apartment anyway.
It was a 5% increase from my old lease.
When i came in and ask for price match, i was just told no.
No explanation whatsoever, and the guy in charge was fairly rude.
This was not the first time i was pissed with the management, but it was the deal breaker.
If i'd do this all over again, i would stay away from this place at all cost.
It's just not worth the anger and headache.
Barbara gott was so helpful to me.
She really helped me more than anyone, and i thought i'd never be able to find a place.
She never stopped working until she found me something, even though i had rental debt.
Barbara also maintained communication with me, and beyond that, she is so encouraging.
She will be the one to locate your new home.
You're the best there ever was!
I am a parent writing about my dissatisfaction with cottages of tempe.
One of my sons roommates brought bedbugs into their unit.
The management (erica) did not enforce the students living in my sons unit to adequately prep for bug spraying.
The bedbugs moved in just after christmas 2017.
By the end of january the bedbugs were still there.
Omg the place was disgusting.
But the management at the cottages says it was all sprayed.
But....a few months ago another one of my sons roommates was let out of his lease.
I am an honest person and don't think highly of those people who are dishonest.....especially a company.
This place is actually a great place to live if you are in college and between the ages of 18-22.
If you have a group of three friends ask for their 3 bedroom.
You can also get a four bedroom with for friends or three friends and one random.
Same goes for their five bedroom.
There is a lot of benefits to live here if your going to asu.
The best being the shuttle that goes from campus to cottages every 20 min from mon - friday.
Im older than most of the ppl here so am not a fan of having to hear partying every night.
But if looking for a decent, somewhat expensive place to live while at asu i would recommend this place.
Has office/ study rooms and printer.
Goof coffee machine and a lot more.
This is my 2nd year living here & i wouldn't want to live anywhere else!
Love the place, convenient, & met so many people by living here!
Very close to campus & nice property forsure!!
After a bad experience with a different location, i came here because i was interested in a few properties.
I went thru what my budget is, what i want and what im willing 2 compromise.
The agent told me that if i spend more i get something better n more of what really like.
I got my new home, moved in end of january.
I love this place!!!
Can i live here forever??
We have so much fun here at the cottages.
Erica has been more than helpful/accommodating for me and my room mates and other tenants i know that live here.
I'm so thankful for that!
She and the other employees truly care about the property and residents.
Thank you erica and team.
I paid $200 for a holding fee on an apartment a little over 2 weeks ago.
She told me that was no problem and to expect it in my account within 4-5 business days.
It's been 2 weeks and i have not been refunded.
I left voicemail messages and emails to akilah with no response.
Glad i decided not to make this my new home...
I got the place i wanted and it fits great in my budget..
I'm glad i went to valley king properties
Campus pointe has one nice feature: the granite countertops.
I lived above very loud neighbors.
After talking to management, they encouraged me to call the police, who would issue the residents a noise violation.
The management told me after three police written noise violations, the students would be evicted.
Yes, i confirmed this number with police.
I even had my mom contact the employees to try to figure out the noise issue.
Nothing was done about it.
The women told me that they would have the residents evicted by the of the month.
This did not actually happen, because i confirmed it with a friend who lived below the residents.
Overall, campus pointe could truly care less about their residents.
Fyi: campus pointe will delete all negative comments residents post on their facebook page.
Not very honest of them.
Just a senior at kent trying to help out fellow kent staters.
I really like this apartment complex.
People here really aren't that rowdy.
People are saying it's over priced, well duh you're paying for a room, not a whole apartment.
If you want a better deal find roommates to sign else where.
Gym isn't the greatest but pool is nice!
Also they do treats every hump day!
I would have stayed but i moved to apartments in mesa.
Let my sad experience prevent you from making the same mistake.
The cute renovations of the granite countertip and ikea cabinets are like nail polish on a toe with nail fungus.
Underneath is an antiquated system of water and air delivery.
And it is not a/c, it's an evaporative system, so make sure you know what to expect from that.
Also, the whole system is turned on in the the spring to chiller and in the fall/winter to heat.
In between you will have to use your stove for heat and buy fans to cool off.
Right now, i am living here without normal access to hot water.
Then you may get hot water at the tap in the kitchen.
You are going to have to set your alarm much earlier!
They have refused to end my lease or make any adjustment for the reduction in services.
Sadly, not all owners of these old apartments are ethical, instead some are more like used car salesmen.
I've only lived here for a couple months and i gotta say i really enjoy it!
It's a dump, the new manager is not cool.
Save your money and go somewhere nicer.
The area is scary and the grounds aren't taken care of.
Lipstick on a pig.
Do not live here.
A waste of money and a ripoff.
The apartment seemed like a good deal but it is not.
Everything in my apartment was messed up.
I could go on and on.
Just look elsewhere to live, believe me.
I wouldn't wish it upon anyone to live here.
I was short on time and was having to move at the end of the month.
And after months of searching by myself with no luck, i was referred to garrett.
He was kind and understanding of everything i needed and had just the right place for me.
Definitely a wonderful experience.
Thank you so much garrett and valley king properties!
This is animal house revisited!
Trash everywhere and hardly any kind of noise ordinance.
Music blaring at 3am as loud as it was at 6pm.
Sucks for you if you're actually trying to get any studying done.
Came home to random guys eating on our front patio.
It's terribly overpriced and for what?
I do not undertsand why city 15 has any bad reviews.
And i especially don't understand why people are bad mouthing polly the manager.
Let me tell you all.
My husband and i moved into city 15 1 year and 10 months ago.
We were sold when we looked at the apartment.
We lived there for a year.
And any time we had a problem with anything, maintenance handled it asap!
One time, i even accidentally closed the door to my car, with my sleeping child and keys in it!
My goodness i could have died.
He quickly dove into action and built some antenna wire and got the door to open.
Polly is a wonderful person.
She always goes above and beyond.
When we were there she would always conversate with us.
She was always happy, no where near disrespectful!
The pool there is always impecable.
It is so beautiful.
They have a very nice media room that has several tvs that you can just hang out at.
The  apartments have wood vynil.
The kitchens are a bit small, but for the price i'll take it!
But we now see that city 15 was the place to be.
The area here is bad, i hate carpet, and the managers are really awful.
We admire city 15 so much after living here.
So we are scheduled to move back in the first week of september, and we are thrilled!
Thank you polly for being so nice to us!
Burnham 310 is one of the best i've seen in champaign.
The apartments are nice, great funiture, close to campus, and i loved the gym.
The staff were always friendly and even helped me mount my new tv!
I defintely recommend considering b310 when looking for an apartment in chambana.
I've been a tenant for the past three years, and i have only good things to say.
I m 100% sure my neighbor do drugs, my roommate and i both smelled it from time to time.
And yet after multiple times of complaint, the staff didn't do anything to stop it.
What a community that harbors drug addicts!
Will never live here again, told all my friends about it.
This is the worse apartment on campus, especially for how expensive the rent is.
But the worse of all is their staff.
They are rude and unorganized.
They are constantly changing their rules regarding picking up apartment packages.
Do not live there!
Upon hearing about campus pointe apartments i was elated.
I was happy to find an "upper class" apartment in kent, oh.
Once arriving to the actual apartment i was very impressed.
Everything seemed neat and orderly.
Months back, campus pointe placed a new girl into the apartment with me.
I was very excited to have someone new to spend time with.
However, this excitement soon fizzled out when her boyfriend began living in our apartment.
At first, they seemed a little concerned.
As weeks passed the situation escalated and this "new" roommate became physically and verbally violent.
Hoping for a resolution, i approached campus pointe management again.
Along with this situation came many others like it.
Instead of them assisting the situation, they lost my business and my third roommates business as well.
After moving out of the apartment i received a final statement in the mail.
They decided to charge me for some hand and tape marks on the walls.
Which i might add, they are painted with flat paint that easily marks.
Might i add that campus pointe has to re-paint every room after old resident moves out anyways.
I am essentially giving them money for something that already needs to be done.
Please take my advice for anyone looking at perhaps moving to campus pointe.
Although the apartment is nice, the management provides and endless amount of dysfunction.
Along with my story come countless others.
I have many friends at campus pointe who has endured comparable situations.
They really need to get their act together or else this place won't be open much longer.
I recently moved into this apartment complex and the move in process was so amazing.
Kudos to bani, our leasing agent for all her help and patience.
She broke it down step by step on what to do and was gracious to show us multiple units.
I was sold when i saw the pool, clubhouse and other amenities.
My partner and i couldn't be happier with our little casita.
All the kitchen appliances are new and so is the flooring.
Everything fits beautifully and i cannot wait to start purchasing patio furniture.
I got a $1400 move out bill.
Sadly i even hired a cleaner to do move out cleaning.
They replaced everything under my charge.
Yes they were friendly when i lived there, but they are rude to me immediately after i move out.
Cockroaches coming out of the wall!!!!!!
I find at least 1-3 every morning in my bathroom!!!
Loud tenants, $800 rent for a one bedroom with utilities paid.
This apartment looks good at first until you live here!!!
Broke the lease which cost me $1800...
I hate this place
This place is terrible and management thinks she's never wrong and talks down to everyone!
Just because she's nice looking and wears short dresses doesn't mean she's right!
This is the place that hands out violations hourly, or when out of town, true or not.
Then never writes them for people who work there who violate rules daily!
This is place that tows vehicles without thinking!
They are lazy and don't care.
They go around taking pictures of front porches and assume that's how they always look.
Those places are small!
So when cleaning you have to put stuff on your porch.
They only have 1 garbage bin for the entire place so everyone has to walk their garbage far.
Why not have trash bins at every unit then once a week do pick up?
Residents pay for trash service!!
Also designate a doggy area for pets and fence it in!!
Rent is expensive here and you do not get your money's worth at all!
It actually cost you more and adds stress to your life having to fight with egomaniac manager.
1) it's a bit old and outdated compared to some of the buildings around.
Also carpeted in the rooms and the living room
No words can describe how much i hate this place.
Things take forever to get done.
This place might look nice but it is absolutely an awful experience living here.
I think they have the most unethical business practices that i have ever seen.
When they screw up on something you as the tenent get blamed for.
The business center is a joke.
They have just "upgraded" their computers and 2 out of 4 of them are already broken.
The only useful device in there is the printer.
The only person that knows what is going on here is jacob.
I just cannot wait to leave gateway... 4 months to go.
Professional and friendly staff.
I wanted a quiet place that was also in my price range.
Mary was extremely helpful in giving me several options that my needs.
After checking out the places i ended up settling on hayden park, which ended up being just what i needed.
Mary even followed up me a few days later to make sure i found a good place.
The house was falling apart, heater wouldn't work, old windows, door knob falling off.
I mean we were calling the landlord every week.
But we'd only get ahold if him if his phone was on.
I eventually had to get him to give me a phone number of someone else to call.
Our oven was broken for almost a month before that got fixed.
Things he said he would take care of before we moved in didn't happen--so get that stuff in writing!
Marvista rentals have been nothing but great as current tenants.
They are responsive to any requests, easily reachable, and have wonderfully renovated apartments.
We moved in august 2016 and have been happy with them since.
I never had any major problems at all.
I loved living at the cottages and the units themselves are nice.
However, they will nickel and dime you with no explanation.
Walls are really thin and a very load atmosphere.
If you are there to party and stay up late, then it might be for you.
You are not paying for quality that's for sure!
You are paying for the party community.
Gateway is very cheap and will squeeze as much money out of you as possible.
They now fix things relatively fast but appliances break often and are low quality.
They do patch work to fix apartments and looks it.
The leasing office will mislead you to try and sell.
Make sure you know 100% what you are doing and don't beleive what is not in writing.
Pros: party, location, umm free printing??
There's only been pee in the elevator once since then.
In 2013, they took over the property in squirrel hill that i had rented from a prior landlord.
There was water damage to my possessions in the basement storage from the 1st floor unit.
They did nothing to repair it.
The windows were super thin and let out tons of heat.
They did nothing to insulate the unit.
They raised rents and didn't improve service one bit.
They are ruthless, profit-centered landlords that do not give a damn about their tenants.
They tried to remove long standing tenants (10+ years) from the building that i was in as well.
Avoid at all costs unless you want to have zero attention to your unit from your landlord.
Looks great on photos but really made poorly.
My son is staying another year because he signed the lease for the following year right after he moved in.
Told him the only way to get unit they wanted.
It's a big corporate scam.
How do they get away with this?
Can i give a half star?
What you see is what you get.
Nothing more, once you are signed up, you are just another monthly check.
Can't explain this place more simply.
The experience was nice.
I like the fact that they had community living events organized for residents.
I wish that they would have stricter pet policies regarding clean up.
Maybe it would be beneficial to get a pick up station installed.
Summary: it's fine for a first apartment.
You'll learn what bothers you in regards to rentals and then you will move out once your lease is up.
For myself, i outgrew the constant noise and the inconsistent rent charges are inexcusable.
The apartment property was sold as soon as i moved out.
It's very easy to come across parties.
It is relatively cheap for the area.
I lived in a 4-bed/2-bath unfurnished apartment and paid $466.xx (not including electricity) for my room.
This included a washer and dryer in the apartment unit, a dishwasher, stove, microwave, fridge and a built-in desk.
- business center has free printing.
-the landscaping is well maintained.
- security guards are polite.
You will not be bothered unless you have your door open blasting music at 2am.
I have submitted a request at 8pm and maintenance came at 10am to solve the issue on multiple occasions.
- there is a roommate matching system available.
All of my roommates were friendly, spoke perfect english and came from a variety of backgrounds.
-the gym, although a bit small, is 24-hours.
- they frequently host complex events (pool parties, food, alcohol for 21+, giveaways).
- the orbit shuttle is directly outside, was constantly full from what i heard.
Noisy, messy and take up all the parking -parking can be annoying due to uncovered parking being highly prized.
-business center frequently had issues.
-my electronic key stopped working on multiple occasions at random occurrences.
No information on if i was even accepted, what roommates i would have or even the apartment number itself.
-there has been multiple security concerns.
In another situation, a police officer came to my door because one of our neighbors got his tires slashed.
Footprints on railing were seen and outdoor furniture was moved.
-the walls are thin.
- multiple issues with rent.
Charged two months of rent at once, overcharged and undercharged.
-there were 11 speed bumps one-way to my apartment.
- most of the staff are under 21.
I did not feel a sense of security knowing that my living situation was in the hands of new adults.
-roommate matching system is not reliable.
I submitted 'no smokers' and one of my assigned roommates was a frequent smoker.
He was kind, but still a smoker.
- our apartment got hit with an advertisement on our door at least every single day.
Move out experience: it took 10 minutes for an administrative walk-through and the employee took photographs.
Tough sell for gateway at tempe.
It's marketed as an affordable alternative to college dorms.
It's ridiculously overpriced and incredibly exploitative.
Pet fees are astronomical.
$500 plus a monthly fee.
Covered parking is $25 a month.
Utilities are not included.
Charges and fees are varied and common.
Expect passive aggressive "overdue balance" notices you were never informed about prior.
Gateway also reserves the right to enter your home whenever they want without notice - even if you aren't home.
I'm not sure if this is common practice elsewhere as well, but it makes me uneasy.
There's also the issue of the staff.
They're unhelpful, ill-informed, and unwilling to ever go the extra mile for a tenant.
[see 9/2 update below for further staff interaction]  next, security and facilities.
Hot tub is tiny and more akin to a warm bathtub.
Enjoy sharing that with the hundreds of other tenants during those 8 months.
The "patrolling security" is a joke.
Gateway is also slow to fix broken facilities.
But they'd been hanging open for weeks - allegedly 'getting repaired.'
What do you know, the day after the shooting, the gate was magically fixed.
Then the units themselves.
Bedrooms are smaller than many complexes in the area, everything breaks, and the tenants here are the noisiest in town.
This includes employee apartments.
Expect throbbing bass and loud parties every night - which sounds fun at first but gets old quickly.
This is not to say that gateway is without its merits.
Those parties are a perk if that's your thing, and the general ambiance of the place is truly resort-style.
(although, as you may surmise, we've had both the tv guys and the internet repair guys out here several times.)
Unfortunately, those pluses don't outweigh the minuses for me.
This is one of the roughest places to live in tempe.
I'm sure you could do worse, but you could also do a whole lot better.
Hopefully this means some positive change happening in the offices here, and that kind of professionalism is refreshing.
Here's to hoping this is a good start!
My daughter's apartment was infested with bed bugs!!!!
When informing the property manager (erica), she gave us an attitude like we should have noticed this upon inspection.
Then she didn't really believe us and needed to have her exterminator inspect the property to verify.
The treatment needed to be done twice over several days.
They didn't offer any help for an alternate place to stay other than a $25 amex gift card.
I tried calling erica's boss, steve.
Steve never returned my call.
Aside from the bugs, the place was filthy upon move-in.
Pet hair, broken fixtures, stains on the couch, blinds covered with dust and dirt.
The carpet was dirty and worn out.
After lots tears, 4 sets of parents complaining and a couple months of time, the issues were finally corrected.
The cottages look great on the surface, but are horribly run.
The customer is always wrong at this place!
The cottages response is laughable!
Stay as far away as possible.
And hotels were not offered...until complaining and only one girl refused because she had family to stay with.
Tim was so helpful!
He showed us around the property and really made me want to live there.
This place has beautiful upgrades and private yards.
If you have a pet, this might just be the place for you.
I moved in in august into a studio apartment and didn't have a bathroom door for over a month.
Complained to management at least once a week.
New management came in within the last few weeks.
I complained and they put one in within a few days.
They are so much better at work orders but aren't 100%.
They're definitely trying so much more versus how they were when i first moved in.
They're more professional, friendly, and efficient.
We have not yet moved into this place.
We  have found it to be a nice, secure place to live.
It passed the parent test.
However, we are unable to rent this year due to our life circumstances changing.
We haven't had any issues of note and have been working with erica for a resolution.
Please contact me at deissner@hotmail.com if you are ready and interested in this deal.
At the moment we are unable to post a review as we have not yet rented at this complex.
I signed my lease for $650.
Last month i had to pay $797 and when i asked why, they had no explanation for me.
Also, the security guards are very unprofessional.
I felt so violated.
Also mine and like 6 other people got their tvs stolen.
Not a safe community for students.
It pains me that you can't give minus stars.
Way to keep it classy.
This was my first apartment in the tempe area.
They definitely have some pros and cons:  pros: - right near an orbit bus stop.
- rent includes cable and hbo.
- it's easy to get a hold of people after hours.
My keys were stolen late at night and they were available at all hours to help me.
- it's super close to tempe marketplace.
Cons: - it's huge and full of rowdy college kids.
- it's on university.
- when i was there, their gym was a pathetic excuse for a gym.
I had to get a membership at a real gym.
- the pool was under construction most of the time i was there.
- the move-in day was a complete mess.
- there was a break-in here almost every other week.
- it's overpriced in my opinion.
- i was supposed to get a $25 gift card after signing my lease and i never got it.
It was a good place to start, but i would not live there again.
There are much nicer apartments in the area for cheaper.
You just have to know where to look.
My daughter has not even moved in yet and i'm already unimpressed with management.
I've read a few reviews that are making me very leery of this place.
Right now their customer service is awful.
Very, very stressful to be a parent 15 hours away and not be able to work with her landlord.
The pool is gorgeous and very well kept and all of the homes are extremely spacious.
With hat being said, i'm beyond excited to be moving into the cottages in exactly a month!
Pros -it's a social place to live.
Mostly students so it's not hard to make friends hanging out around the pool or talking to your neighbors.
Be ready for neighbors blaring their music and flashing lights at 11 pm on a tuesday.
-we did no damage to our apartment and spent an entire day (4 of us!)
We tried to dispute it and they basically told us that everyone gets charged this fee.
-clearly that cleaning fee does not actually go towards cleaning, because when we moved into our apartment it was filthy.
Fisgusting bathrooms, dirty floors, food still in cabinets.
-most apartments around tempe are shitty like gateway, but you can just do better for the price.
You pay over $2000 for a four bedroom that doesn't even have a garbage disposal or good facilities.
We requested a top floor apartment several weeks in advance and they put us on the bottom floor.
All of the neighbors above us were apartments full of men, but they put four girls on the bottom floor.
Our next door neighbors were the only other girls in our building, and they were also on the bottom floor.
We had someone break into our apartment, and i had someone attempt to break into my window.
Nothing happened to the neighbors that were living above us.
-the entrance to gateway is a very dangerous intersection.
In my one year living at gateway i saw many, many accidents here.
I saw people being carried away on stretchers, i saw a bloody crashes, and my roommate had a fender bender.
I tried to speak to gateway about this but they were not responsive.
Unless you want to be rush and sign a 12 month lease the same exact date, i wouldn't recommend.
Very pleasant, comfortable and quiet living experience in a gated community located between arcadia/biltmore fashion pk and scottsdale fashion square.
The small community of apts and townhomes is surrounded by a well maintained citrus orchard of oranges.
Lemon and a few green apple trees.
It gave rise to reason to walk, look and see within and outside of community.
I see another review complaining about not getting the deposit back.
Here's my experience with the deposit.
6/24/2015 me: it's been 30 days since i moved out, where's my deposit?
6/24/2015 burnham: you moved out may 22, but our billing system recognizes you moved out may 31.
You'd have to wait 30-45 days after the move out date on the billing system.
I'll send the request to the account manager anyway.
6/24/2015 me: okay here's my new address.
6/24/2015 burnham: i'm glad you sent us the new address.
The address we have on file is the leasing office.
Same problem with the move in bonus thing.
I have to say the guy who replied to my email was polite and friendly though.
6/24/2015: me: what about the copy of my lease i asked about in the previous email?
6/24/2015: burnham: did you request it?
I'll ask my manager and get back this afternoon.
"did you request it?"
Lesson learned: when emailing the staff only ask one thing at a time or ask multiple questions in separate emails.
6/24/2015 afternoon me: following up.
6/25/2015 me: any updates?
6/26/2015 me: following up.
6/26/2015 burnham: here is your lease.
I'm assuming it's the person who takes care of the leases.
This person is slow to respond to email.
After 45 days of the move out date recognized by the billing system, i sent them a follow up email.
I knew i couldn't rely on them without bugging them.
7/15/2015 me: you told me to keep in touch.
What's the status of my deposit.
7/17/2015 me: following up.
7/20/2015 me: following up again.
7/20/2015 burnham: they have been sent out.
If by 8/1/2015 you don't get it, email me.
And finally i got my deposit check back.
In my case, i deposited $99 and they used all of that towards the repair.
So technically i got no money back.
I'm not sure how much back you'll get if you deposit more than that.
The amount they used in my case was understandable.
I didn't clean up the room well anyway.
Everytime i go to the office and deal with the clerks, i almost always have a positive experience.
Also the maintenance guys are super nice and awesome.
They are pleasant to deal with.
I'm not so happy with the manager(s) though.
And the worst thing is that they can make the decisions and there's nobody that can help me.
I was considering emailing the ceo but time passed and i decided not to hold a grudge.
(i decided to write here anyway hehehe.)
I reported everything to bbb but burnham doesn't seem to care about what people say there either.
I heard the illinois attorney general is a good place to get these things resolved.
I had a friend who had problems with a different apartment in the pass, tried resolving it and failed.
Finally he reported the issue with the attorney general and, boy, did it get resolved fast.
My advice: (1) communicate in writing.
If you go to there office or speak with them on the phone, record your conversations.
They're nice and decent people.
For those who are already with burnham and considering moving out, keep my advice in mind.
For those considering moving in, think twice.
The property was kept very clean.
Management was helpful for the most part.
There were a few situations that could have been handled better, but they were overall responsive and willing to help.
My apartment had wood floors throughout and a large closet.
I feel as though the amenities that i received for the price were very good.
The only reason i moved out was due to increased rent.
Negatives:  the water boiler broke in march 2013 and the entire complex was without water for 14 hours or so.
The community is gated.
However, shady people still find their way into the complex to go through the trash cans.
They had an online payment portal when i moved and then the property management company switched over.
The new company, greystar, could not accept online payments.
It was really annoying to pay by check or money order in 2013.
It's like, come on we have technology.
I didn't experience this, but there was apparently a rash of car break-ins in the parking lot.
Someone put flyers up about it all over the parking lot, and they were removed pretty much immediately.
Overall, this place is ok to decent for the cost of rent.
I am a parent writing about my dissatisfaction with cottages of tempe.
One of my sons roommates brought bedbugs into their unit.
The management (erica) did not enforce the students living in my sons unit to adequately prep for bug spraying.
The bedbugs moved in just after christmas.
By the end of january the bedbugs were still there.
Omg the place was disgusting.
But the management at the cottages says it was all sprayed.
But....a few months ago another one of my sons roommates was let out of his lease.
I am an honest person and don't think highly of those people who are dishonest.....especially a company.
That sounds like bulling to me.
Why must anyone pay rent for several months in advance?
Think twice before signing.
The staff in the majority is quite helpful but not quite knowledgeable.
Often times questions are left unanswered but (most) are polite when you do need to reach out to them.
Not a very inviting community for the unfortunate price you have to pay for mediocre housing.
I often got woken up from hearing our neighbor's cell phone vibrate on her desk.
In two months, i had a massive flooding of our apartment, and continuous bug problems.
The worst of which was bedbugs.
Our neighbor ended up bringing them in, saying she got bed bugs when she moved in to her room.
It's such a hassle and gateway did very little to accomodate us in a timely manner.
This was only one instance of how rude and lazy the staff is.
Please, whatever you do, do not sign a lease at gateway.
It's iron clad, and you'll have to wait an entire year to move out.
It's also a total rip off, and not worth the price.
Please think twice before moving in here!
The building is nice and secure.
The staff are kinda chill.
Maintenance is reasonable quick.
They also accept delivery packages for you.
And they have a gym.
But i'll give a one star anayway.
The first year i moved in, i was supposed to get a gift card.
Forgot to follow up and when i did it was too late.
The second year, i referred a friend.
I was supposed to get a referral bonus.
The staff who signed my friend up said it's documented.
Never got the bonus.
They said it was never documented.
When moving out, i asked about it.
Today i called them to confirm that i'm getting a referral bonus along with my move out deposit.
Guess what they said?
"not in the system."
I reminded them about our conversation.
They said they remembered only up to the point where they could not find it in the system.
They did not remember putting a note in there.
So yeah, no gift card.
I'm not complaining about not getting those things.
I'm complaining about the inconsistency and the extremely terrible job with keeping promises.
It seems like they just want to lure people to sign up.
I suggest you stay away from them.
That way it holds up in court, etc.
My sister lives here currently and couldn't be happier.
Her unit is beautiful and the pool is stunning.
The clubhouse, which has a workout room, a study room and more, is open 24 hours and is incredible!
The staff is friendly and helpful.
For a community of college students, the cottages is perfect.
This place is a dump and management is beyond reproach.
The apartment we rented had a gaping large square hole cut out of the side of the bathtub.
We lived on the top floor - any creature or rodent could have crawled in.
Management continually promised to fix it but never did before the tenant died.
Can you imagine living in an apartment with a hole that big.
An animal could have fit in that hole.
It was beyond disgusting.
Managers are criminals and so are the maintenance workers.
Good luck to all who allow maintenance into your apartment.
You get what you pay for (still not cheap, $770 for 2 bed 2 bath).
This may be one of the cheapest places closest to campus.
I will not be renewing my lease.
After living here for a year, here's a summary of my experience.
Even after exterminator came, still had the issue.
Also heard from my friend in another complex that he had a scorpion in his tub.
Wifi goes out for the entire community at least once a month and it once lasted 4 straight days.
Have to go on campus to get anything done.
People that work here.
I've had some pleasant and also unpleasant interactions with the office employees.
They never answer the front desk phone even during hours (probably to avoid the burden).
Also when picking up a package, 50% chance you'll actually get it the day it was delivered.
The majority of the complexes are old.
If you do not pay for the refurbished upgrade, it will look nothing like the model room they show you.
When i moved in, carpet was gross (had to get steam cleaned) and wrappers under couch cushions, etc.
Our disposal in our sink broke and our kitchen flooded, along with some other smaller things.
Maintenance crew is prompt (if you go to them directly) and they are really nice guys.
Shame they have to deal with gateway.
Gym is very small.
Out of 3 treadmills, only 1 works.
No ac in there.
They just turn on the fans and open the doors--not ideal for 10/12 months in az.
Do not live in these apartments!
They are disgusting and charge way too much!
I would understand the price but they are the worst apartments in tempe!!!
I've had four scorpions in my room!!
Please avoid this place at all costs.
I've lived here for the past year and had nothing but issues.
I lived in a apartment with two other girls and my apartment was nothing like the model they showed me.
It was very dirty, cabinets were broken, and i found the growth of mold.
I've never seen that before.
Also when we first moved in my vents were so gross.
I have extreme asthma and it felt like these vents were blowing straight dust.
The carpets also have never been changed and are the grossest carpets i've ever seen.
You take a step on the carpet and dust would fly up.
If you get a furnished room, which is what i did.
I eventually asked for new mattresses and they did with no extra charge which was the least they can do.
Make sure if you decide to live here, that you are okay with terrible wifi.
One time during a major test week the wifi was out for four straight days...
Finally, the management here is not the best.
They were extremely rude to me, and i couldn't break my lease due to extra costs.
Sometimes they would even claim something was fixed and they actually never came in to do anything.
Had a good experience at gateway when searching for a place for my son.
The salesperson was very helpful in explaining the lease agreement.
She also was helpful in letting is know what was in the area, such as restaurants and shopping.
They collected money we didnt owe!
We first resolved the issue with the management and explained everything but still they submitted such balance???
And now the managenent said just pay the half amount!
Why should i pay if i didnt owe you anythng?
How could you not report some of the tenants who totally forgot to surrender the key??
I will do my best to sue you and will file for a complaint what youve caused me!!!
I have lived at campus pointe for 2-years now and will be moving out after i graduate in a month.
I have had good and bad experiences with them.
Things have broken in the apartment and maintenance has always been fast to fix things.
The walls are slightly thinner than i would like, but they aren't terrible.
I have never re-signed a lease with an rental, admittedly because i do have extremely high standards.
This community is not hundreds of units for a management team to run...
There is just the perfect number of residents and nothing goes unnoticed.
Hard wood floors, stainless steel appliances, tall green trees surrounding the entire property.
Once a citrus orchard, the spring climate gives the whole area an amazing perfume!
Arcadia is the place to live!
Central to everything...bike anywhere, and easy access to other city neighborhoods.
1, 2 & 3 bedroom units.
Mostly adult professionals who live here.
Not many families with children, which make for a quiet atmosphere.
If you are ever looking for housing and consider gateway at tempe, please don't.
I lived here last year and i regret ever renewing my lease.
They have done nothing but make our living situation more complicated and stressful.
Their contract is absurd, they treat their residents horribly, and they do anything they can to take your money.
Their managers and employees are incompetent, and i have witnessed them multiple times trying to take advantage of international students.
Our "newly renovated" apartment had countless problems and was hardly even renovated.
We have gotten no help from management, the only employees here who care are maintenance (they are awesome).
No living accommodations should be made this difficult - for anyone.
Do not live here.
Coming to this valley king was the worse experience and i wouldn't recommend going here.
Mary is absolutely unprofessional.
I originally found some apartments online, but didn't know if i would get approved.
I contacted valley king not knowing they would send me to the same apts.
Instead of putting mary on my application i put i found the apartments online, which originally i did.
Then she goes on to say my lying will get me where i deserve in life.
Like really is this how you talk to your customers?
Centrally located, quiet peaceful environment.
I love living here.
If theres an issue the maintenance team is always helping.
I actually enjoy living here.
I mean the place isn't perfect, but it's pretty cheap to live her so i can't complain.
Some of the furniture they give you is a little on the cheap side but it still works.
They've switched management so they've improved a lot i think.
All in all i would live here another year.
Good place to start.
Signing at gateway at tempe will be the worst decision you will ever make.
This place is the definition of a pit hole.
What you see during the apartment tour is completely fake and not what you will see during move in.
Besides having to move into a filthy living environment we were faced with even more problems.
Our appliances are completely outdated to the point where our electricity bill once reached $280.
Also, we have gotten broken into and things were stolen for our apartment at 9:00 in the morning.
On a second occasion large handprints were found on the glass of the window to our apartment.
Another awful thing about this place is the wi-fi.
Did i mention that this all happened during finals week and we had no wi-fi.
There response was, " we have working wi-fi in the business center and four computers that are available to you".
Do not live here!!!!!!
Fun fact:  at campus pointe, you pay *per bedroom*.
Rent is about $700 per person.
You could probably rent a castle on airbnb for less.
Don't let them take advantage of you.
Apartments in kent are expensive, but not this expensive.
And this is the only place where you only rent a room!
Just find a different apartment.
Also, in terms of an actual review of the apartment complex?
You can hear the sound of someone's pee hitting the toilet above you).
The only positive i can think of would be the staff.
Jackie is amazing, she deserves a better place to be in charge of.
The maintenance guys are awesome, and they fix maintenance requests within 48 hours always (usually 24 hours).
This place needs too much improvement.
I believe his name is andrew he's one of the people that answer the phone.
Every time i interact with him i have a bad experience.
He never seems like he's actually interested in helping you unless your signing a lease.
He's never been accommodating or seemed like he was even trying to help you solve your issue.
And he talks in a rude nonchalant voice that makes you wonder why he even answer the phone.
Everyone else i dealt with was fine and made the experience better but him... no.
Huge mistake living here.
When i originally moved in the apartment they placed me in was dirty and reeked of dog .
After complaining they kindly moved me to another apartment, even bigger mistake.
The new apartment also wasn't clean (big surprise there -_-) and rooms were still under the process of being remodeled.
Room mate matching is the biggest scam gateway runs.
Calling security about the rowdy non-stop partying of my neighbors during finals seemed to do absolutely nothing.
On several occasions i would wake up to my neighbors standing on my porch drunk and yelling.
Walls are very thin, i was able to hear when the people under me turned on their fans.
I went here on move-in day, the grounds are beautiful and so is the complex itself.
Everyone is a young person or college student, mix of ethnicity, bros, jocks, girly girls, tomboys, etc.
Staff are really young as well but nice.
They have cool gift packs and gift cards for those upon move-in day.
They however said they didn't have enough staff to show any models.
Also, the only apartments they have to left are 4 bed/4 bath although their website says every model is available.
I should have lied...
It's around $995/month for 1 bedroom, so contrary to their website rates do not start at $465.
Copy and paste, much?
Sloppy, poor construction and unresponsive management.
They charge as if it is luxury living but do not provide the service to hold up that pricing promise.
(students, please know your rights as renters).
Response to me: "we knew we were building on cricket grounds".
Response to my daughter, "it happens when you build on top of wildlife".
-during heavy rains, living room floods because of the poor construction.
Response:  "we didn't expect monsoon season to be so heavy".
(this is not considered a maintenance emergency, btw).
-wood is not finished, so doors swell and wedge themselves into the door frames.
They can only be opened when yanked hard, then you cannot close them properly.
They are still having issues with the doors.
-doors didn't meet the bottom of the frame upon moving in (you could see the sunshine through the bottom).
They were fixed, but now there is a gap between the door frame and the floor (thus, continued flooding).
This pig was being mistreated, and they had received multiple complaints about the pig from neighbors.
This space was right outside her unit (which makes sense for paid parking).
However, she ended up with a spot on the opposite side of the drive (quite a walk).
Response:  "when we audited, all the spots got messed up".
Umm, if everyone's spots are messed up, couldn't you just have fixed them all?
It's more than 50 feet, btw.
They really should have offered to not have her pay for the spot.
-they hadn't cleaned prior to move-in.
The girls had to clean up after construction....pee on toilet seats, dust everywhere, etc.
-if you're hoping to sleep soundly, or study in quiet...good luck.
Even with windows shut, conversations had at normal sound levels outside are clearly heard.
So, imagine what its like with the constant airplanes, construction and parties going on.
They said they would have someone come and unlock the door and clean the room...no one ever came.
Fast forward six days, i make a phone call threatening to withhold rent and start litigation.
My daughter's response, "it smells".
Management,"if it smells, we'll send someone".
She had already told them that it smelled six days ago.
-if you think you're paying for a gated community, you're not.
There is a gate, but it's open from 7am - 6pm daily...because "it's more convenient for the shuttle".
But, the pool is cool and furniture rental is cheap...so totally worth it, right?
Good social environment for the first few weeks of living during the day.
At night you will get fined and guests have to get parking passes anytime after 9pm online.
Friend stayed till 10pm and got car towed and had to pay +$150.
Nobody had called in a complaint but management saw on the cameras those people standing there.
Although it seems that people are very trigger happy when callimg in complaints.
There is dog poop on most of the grass patches that are half dead to start with.
If you get the place furnished it is mostly cheap things that tear and break with little use.
It seems this place is some sort of money scheme as there are fines for everything.
If you are a person that stays inside and is very quiet and to yourself this is the right place.
If you're a college student looking for a nice college social environment this is not the place for you.
Most, if not all, the people i have met will not be resigning their leases for many of these reasons.
With rising competition in the tempe housing market i don't understand why they make it so hard to live here.
I loved living at gateway!
It was a really good fit for me and my friends!
We moved in together after living in the dorms and it was so much fun!
There are a lot of awesome people & it's close to campus.
Also my little dog rufus can live with us too!
I have lived here since august 2013 and have hated every second of my time here.
The property has changed hands three times since i moved in.
The current manager is by far the worst one yet.
I do want to keep this review as honest as possible.
So, i want to start with good things about city 15.
Positives: augustine, the maintenance manager is fantastic.
He is friendly and actually seems to care about the problems.
He takes care of issues as quickly as he can.
There are some nice amenities such as the pool, basketball court, and clubhouse.
Other than the constant construction, the complex is relatively quiet.
We have never had issues with noisy neighbors living here (a rarity in apartment living!)
Negatives: where to start?
We were very excited moving into this place.
The complex shows nicely.
The fancy pool and modern model apartment were great.
Of course, the unit we moved into was absolutely nothing like the model!
Aside from these relatively cosmetic issues that i could deal with, the apartment reeked of smoke.
After repeatedly asking the management to take care of it, they did nothing.
We wound up scouring the place ourselves and buying tons of different products specifically made to remove smoke odors.
After about three months, it went away.
The night we moved in, i found a bug on the wall in the bathroom.
I killed and disposed of it.
The next night, we found two more near the bathroom.
I was able to kill and save one.
It turned out they were bedbugs!!!!
While dealing with the bedbugs, we also had an infestation of silverfish.
They come back once or twice a year still.
It took months to get it repaired.
It took months to get a new one.
Our dishwasher did not work upon moving in.
There was moldy standing water in it meaning that they didn't even check it before we moved in.
They told us they didn't have another one.
So, they installed one, single crappy open shelf to take its place.
Our apartment has absolutely no air circulation meaning that we get mold in the bathroom all the time.
We have talked to management and they do nothing.
We just have to keep cleaning it ourselves.
Price is the final negative.
It was decent when we moved in.
But, they are nearly doubling what we are currently paying.
We were quoted $1200 a month for our one bedroom apartment.
This really goes to show that their company had no integrity.
Actually what you're doing is the opposite of transparent, honest, straight forward and truthful.
That hurts your company integrity and makes you look like dishonest.'
I continued to give her a lecture on the importance of reputation and integrity and why it's important.
She didn't get it.
Moved to gateway in june of 2013 and just renewed my lease.
I highly recommend gateway.
This is a good complex for students because there's so many younger people here.
I've been here for two years and haven't had any major issues with my apartment.
The staff is always awesome... especially maintenance who are always quick to fix anything.
They always have fun things like pool parties with free food and stuff.
They also did a big renovation so all the amenities are new.
I'm in awe on how amazing the staff at gateway is!
Every time i need any assistance they're always so friendly and there to help me with anything.
They keep the property cleaned and i truly love living there.
Its a great location and environment!
You get what you pay for.
It is one of the cheaper apartments near asu campus.
The internet service was so slow and unpredictable.
I would complain everyday about it.
Gateway needs to get a new internet provider, it is horrible!
The apartment itself was sufficient with mid upgrades, furniture was nice.
No noticeable bugs on the third floor.
I will say every time something broke a/c,dishwasher,lightbulbs, the service people were fast to respond.
I did also like the environment the apartment has.
It is a more family oriented environment and was usually quiet and peaceful without loud parties and drunk college kids.
The pool is the nicest area in the whole complex.
The office printer and computers never work so do not count on printing documents at your home.
The gym is sufficient but not air conditioned and does not have a water fountain.
Never has our electric bill ever been that high.
I understand the cleaning bill obviously.
I did not get any of my deposit back.
Gateway tried to take as much money from us because we were moving out and not renewing our lease.
I am a parent writing about my dissatisfaction with cottages of tempe.
One of my sons roommates brought bedbugs into their unit.
The management (erica) did not enforce the students living in my sons unit to adequately prep for bug spraying.
The bedbugs moved in just after christmas.
By the end of january the bedbugs were still there.
Omg the place was disgusting.
But the management at the cottages says it was all sprayed.
But....a few months ago another one of my sons roommates was let out of his lease.
I am an honest person and don't think highly of those people who are dishonest.....especially a company.
That sounds like bulling to me.
Why must anyone pay rent for several months in advance?
Think twice before signing.
Don't ever use this company!!!
I told my daughter right away the guy seemed like a used car salesman.
He bummed a cigarette from my daughter..not very professional!
They rip you off.
They incur random charges all above 100 dollars.
Air conditioning is super noisy and they never able to fix it.
Crappy network from palvo media.
I don't have a perfect background and that was preventing me from finding a quality rental on my own.
I didn't want to waste another application fee so i called valley king.
Not to mention the apartment complex halls reeked of marijuana and was way overpriced for how ghetto it was.
So i called mark, the agent i was originally referred to.
I explained my situation practically in tears.
Then he took over.
He got back to me within 24 hours with options very specific to my needs/wants.
Of those options i found the perfect apartment.
Location, price, everything was exactly what i asked for.
I was approved and moved in very quickly.
Call mark if you want to find the perfect place!
I can't truly put into words how terrible of an apartment complex this place is.
But, i will try.
1) my air conditioning broke 4 times in a span of 15 days.
Four times in the middle of june in arizona.
They didn't give me any compensation.
They never got back to me.
2) i started subleasing in the middle of the month.
Yeah that's a good reason.
Honestly -- only pro is that it's somewhat close to campus.
4) the office is made of kids who literally have no idea what they're doing.
It's actually quite sad how bad they are at their jobs.
5) oh and if you want an apartment with a gym- don't waste your time here.
Not only is it a terrible excuse for a gym, it's always dirty.
6) dont live here.
I subleased for two months and couldn't have wanted to be out of there faster.
They do not care about their tenants.
They will overcharge you for a terrible apartment with many flaws.
Just don't sign a lease here.
It'll be the end of any sort of happiness in your life.
Burnham was fine when my roommate and i first moved in.
We were excited to be living in a nice high rise a short distance off of campus.
When we moved in the staff was nice as were the maintenance guys.
But when my roommate and i walked into a room after asking for hard wood floors, we got carpeted floors.
When we asked management about it they said they haven't done the hard wood floors yet.
My question is why would you ask us carpet or hardwood if you didn't plan on having it done?
That's my first complaint.
My second complaint is how long it takes them to process payments.
So make sure you date your checks when dropping them off.
Also expect the payments to come out of your account 10 days after rent is due.
You know what that meant for me?
They also redid the workout for and it took them almost a month to finish it.
I was really excited when i moved in initially in may, but the grounds have definitely gone downhill from there.
The whole complex is very dog-friendly, which attracted me initially, as a dog mom.
I'd say 80% of people have dogs.
What that means is that there are dogs constantly urinating and shitting everywhere.
I mean, of course, but people don't always pick up after themselves, so there's usually dog shit wherever you look.
I'm embarrassed to invite guests over because the smell is so overwhelming.
I've submitted a complaint and ask that they simply power wash the sidewalks periodically and they didn't even respond.
Also, there's been multiple double+ homicides in the neighborhood in the past month.
These are places i walk by daily when walking my dog.
That being said, i actually really like my apartment when i'm inside it.
The apartment staff are really friendly but it's clearly lip service.
It looks nice, but look closer.
Move in at your own risk.
Always go to kiana for all your needs she is incredibly helpful and patient!
Gateway staff is amazing.
I love living at gateway.
Crooked business practice, mr. french.
My son likes it - i couldn't live there tho.
I don't trust the online payment system, as the recurring payment system changed settings without any notification.
My son then was charged late fees, and wasn't told about them until 5 days after the fact.
Now i will be snail mailing the rent.
It is sad when you trust usps more than an apartment management company.
I'd give this place 0 stars if i could.
Poor management, broken amenities and unjust fines are common occurrences.
It's only going downhill from here.
Looks okay at first glance but if you sign a lease you'll regret it.
Save yourself the hassle.
I moved into city15 apartments at the end of september 2017 and i love this place!
The office staff of bani and tim are incredible folks!
The cleanliness of the property and my individual apartment is outstanding.
Living at burnham has been amazing!
The amenities are spectacular and the staff is friendly and always willing to help.
The apartment is spacious and has a great view!
Things are kept clean and noise is never a problem!
Very satisfied for the past two years i have been here.
I'd recommend to anyone who needs housing at u of i!
I stayed here for a year while i was in graduate school.
My roommate moved in the following weekend and paid pro-rated rent.
They told me, "sure, don't worry about it.
Just make sure you leave it really clean when you move out."
I did so, and hadn't heard from them for about a month, when they sent me a bill.
Not only did they charge pro-rated rent (wait...
I thought they didn't do that...), but then charged a full month of parking.
At this point, i figured i could move on with my life.
The pool is amazing and always filled with residents during the pool season.
Overall my two years at gateway were a great experience.
Honestly doesn't get much worse than this.
My roommate had a used condom, bottle of liquor, and a bottle of lube under his.
When running our dishwasher for the first time, it flooded our entire apartment.
I lived here for about 2 1/2 years.
It was the last place i lived at prior to moving north.
Close to the central corridor, lots of shopping near by.
Management and office staff.
Were always helpful and on top of things.
Shortly after moving here.
So suddenly after getting accustomed to the office staff.
We were informed that  they were all going to be going away to other properties.
Which in a kind of funny way made us sad.
After the new staff took over we quickly realized that we had a very good replacement  staff.
Sorry im terrible with names.
And she  always  remembered all of our names.
And it was always a cheery hello.
And some friendly small talk or an update to any thing of note going on in the apartment complex.
Pauly is the leasing agent that  we met the frist time at the leasing office..... she was very very nice.
We were all  sad when we found out she was leaving for another property.
We rented a 2 bedroom.
One draw back theirs only 1 loo.
Gas range, this was a big plus for all of us.
Cooking with gas is much better then electric.
The central air conditioner;( each apartment controlled their own) ....was very cold.
Actually it was perfect.
Kept all of us cool during all of the phoenix summer heat.
Another nice feature were the laminate/wood floors.
Thank you citi 15.
When i moved out in may 2015.
Gas range,  ice cold central air conditioning option for all utilities included.
Cons: laundry room their are 2 but they are small; and can get crowded.
My only reason for not rating 5 stars.
Is because we had a clogged sink in the vanity and water leaking out of the wall.
I think it needed major plumbing work and they may have been waiting for us to move.
Either way this was a very nice place to call  home while i stayed there.
I recommend citi 15
Certainly shocked by the one star reviews on here.
We have rented with marvista in squirrel hill since august of 2016 and they are great.
By far the best landlord i have rented from in the pittsburgh area.
Angela at marvista is extremely responsive to inquiries and requests.
Our building is beautifully renovated with high end finishes - they did not cut corners.
Any request we submitted to marvista was handled very quickly.
We have loved our experience and would definitely recommend them to anyone.
They have a website.
Apparently they don't have tech support.
I've been trying to complete the guarantor form online since receiving my credentials.
I've emailed them 8 times and called 3 times.
And send it in.
I hope my guaranteed person has a better experience they i have had so far.
These guys are great!
They showed a few places that we both didn't like.
That only made them work harder for us.
They would call find deals and all.
They were worth every penny.
Great guys and they have great relationships with everyone to get you into a place that fits your needs.
I would definitely use them again.
You won't be disappointed.
Make sure you see your actual apartment that your renting before signing on the dotted line.
I also found out that all apartments were not remodeled like the model apartment they show you.
Also it's definitely not worth paying this much for no washer or dryer and in some apartments no dishwasher.
It might be ok if they were priced more appropriately.
First and foremost, i toured two different one bedrooms, one full remodel and the second was a half remodel.
The half remodel was what my apartment is, so i asked if my unit would like exactly like that one.
It had black cabinets, white countertops, this unit did have a dishwasher.
Bani had told me that the units could have either black or white cabinets with reversed color countertops.
There were no bevels in the cabinets, and my kitchen had all black appliances.
Other than that, no complaints.
It is a very quiet and well maintained apartment complex.
As an african-american combat marine, who fought and served during desert storm.
Anthony stewart was the marine killed in my unit.
Ptsd has destroyed my life !!!
Homeless for so many years.
No help from politicians or the phx v.a.
The producers have used certified mail to help clear my name.
The only place that fought to help get me a place was betty, from valley king  in tempe arizona.
I tell combat veterans with housing issues to go see betty at valley king properties  *** the phoenix v.a.
Worst apartment ever experience.
Literally 0 star if i could rate that.
The staffs were rude and they could not help at all.
The new manager chelsea is so awesome!
She helped me get all situated!
There's so much stuff near by, an awesome gym,  and the apartments are great!
If i could give the place negative stars, i would.
I live here now and am regretting the decision.
Theft occurs here often and the locks frequently break.
Not worth the cost, live somewhere else.
If i had to describe my experience while living in the gateway at tempe apartment complex...
I can describe it simply using one word...impeccable.
I am a current asu student majoring in biochemistry headed into my junior year.
I always do my research prior to making any decision especially when it comes to contracts and leases.
I was given a full tour allowing me to see first hand where i would be living.
I was absolutely astonished from the start.
Gateway at tempe is the place to live whether you are a student or not.
Throughout my time living here, i have absolutely loved it for so many reasons.
Had i not done my research and spoke with the extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff...
I'd most likely be paying much more money for another place.
To be able to describe how versatile and expedient living in the gateway at tempe apartment complex is...
Thank you for everything gateway at tempe.
Lupe is an excellent person to have clean your house.
She cleans my house every three weeks.
She is prompt and very through.
I highly recommend lupe and carol's house cleaning.
I've been living here at montage for almost 3 years...and its been great.
The rent in the area is competitive!
Montage actually more affordable than a lot of the other properties in this part of nice part of chandler.
My work orders are done in a timely manner, and the staff has been great with handling my needs.
Bill and paula have been fantastic.
Veronica is very nice as well :)
Just save yourself the stress i have and do not move in here.
You will thank me later.
Kim cheney was prompt in returning my call.
My experience was good up until they received my money.
The first thing that i noticed was that the cleaning fee of $275 was not used to clean the apartment.
There was dust everywhere and the air filter looked as if it hadn't been changed ever!
The blinds in the master bathroom were broken.
The shower curtain was torn and dirty.
The garage opener light didn't work.
Just too many things wrong with the unit for them to charge $1900/month.
The worst was when the roof leaked during the rain and half of the light fixture fell from the ceiling.
I notified kim cheney about this and i kept getting the runaround.
Here i am almost 2 weeks later and still no one has even come to look at the ceiling!
They let me down big time.
When the month is over i'm moving out.
There's way better options out there.
Never doing business with them again!
The kitchen drawers were filled with lint, the ground was dirty, and the couch had a residue on it.
It took mantainace 24 hours to get here and even after they left it wasn't any cleaner.
All my furniture is wobbly.
The position of my bed is on the window.
But the window has a 7 inch gap from the bed so my pillows fall down all the time.
I'm only allowed to have 2 people over to my apartment which i don't understand.
I can only use the outdoor area until 10 pm.
It feels so controlled for the amount this apartment costs.
Upon the beautiful pictures of the scenery throughout the complex, everything seemed to be perfect at first.
The complex is located across the street from a strip club.
There is an escort service that works out of building o on the first floor.
You are directly below the flight path.
The units seemed to have been rushed when built.
There were many small problems that kept popping up not only for myself, but for friends within the complex.
The complex is very nice, just be on alert.
They are extremely over priced for the area that they are within.
Good luck trying to get a towel in the pool area, the gym has free protein but is always empty.
The staff changes almost weekly it seems.
Colby comes off as a prick.
Good luck finding parking, or better yet finding your car.
They tow you out in the middle of the night.
The area is not a good area.
You are just north of the 202.
If you walk to the gas station behind the complex, you will see many homeless people all around you.
I like the apartment and the community except for one thing: the air conditioning.
Holy crap, this is the most poorly implemented ac system i've ever had in an apartment.
The master bedroom is always 6-7 degrees warmer than the rest of the apartment.
One side of the house is freezing and the other is a hot box.
It's difficult to live here for this reason, and we're definitely not going to renew.
It's unfortunate they have such a poor ac setup- this is an otherwise fine apartment.
But ac is crucial in arizona, and it's hard to just be in the master, let alone sleep there.
I've had many nights on the couch.
Great price and super easy to work with!
Tammy was on time and very thorough with the house cleaning.
Will definitely be using their services again!
Available, affordable and friendly.
Shawn manages the service; he's excellent.
We needed a good cleaning before hosting a wedding shower at our house.
Called one week before the event and they (thankfully) had availability.
Came home to clean floors, spotless bathrooms and no dust - hallelujah.
Carole's did a great job doing a complete cleaning of our rental house between tenants.
The kitchen and bathrooms were all gleaming, and they were excellent to work with too.
Will definitely be using them again next time.
Appointment was for 1 pm and they text at 11 saying they could come early which was nice.
Ruth was our cleaner and she was very friendly and very professional.
We will definitely use again and definitely recommend.
Most places wouldn't go that far.
They are obviously serious about customer service.
Do not live here even if your life depends on it.
They are in the business of overcharging college kids and ruining their credit.
Do not live here.
The apartments themselves are absolutely disgusting and there are homeless people going through the trash daily.
Every week i had something breaking in my apartment and maintenance could barely fix it.
Horrible experience, and now i'm having to deal with debt collectors while paying off students loans.
I wish i never lived here.
To date have called four times and stopped in once.
Every time i call i have been told i will be contacted, that never happened.
I am a reasonable person and understand that i am only one person and these people are probably really busy.
But don't act like you want to help if you can't.
Our realtor, don is no longer with the company.
We are going to realty one or berkshire and just going to hire someone we don't know.
Update: my husband found don through google.
We had forgotten his last name.
I wish there was a "0" stars option.
Maybe even negative sounds like i'm being too nice.
My experience overall: (there are too many to list so let's just name a few:)  1.
Pool tastes like salt water from the sewer.
My room didn't lock for the entire year.
I sent in a work order that never happened.
Mailroom packages are not logged in.
Walls are paper thin.
Expect no privacy, including maintainance that will randomly barge into your room without knocking.
They apparently can't afford more than 3 bins to move in/out so it takes forever to do anything.
I ended up just borrowing a bin from somewhere else on campus.
Oh and get this.
I'm supposed to move into an apartment right across the street in 1 hour.
I had to turn in my room key by noon so i got locked out.
Stay far away from vista del sol and any related management.
Do not rent here.
Wish i could do no stars.
My daughter moved in during the summer because she was going to summer school.
They told her she would have to move to a new apartment in the fall.
She wanted to be close to campus so she talked me into it.
That was the least of our problems.
At some point, one of her roommates ended up causing drama and my daughter went to the staff for help.
The told her they could move her into another dorm.
Said it would be a $200 transfer fee....for what?
They did nothing but change the apt number on her account.
So the apartment they have her move into is with a known drug addict.
When my kid talks to them about it they don't do anything.
Then the druggie robs her of her ipad, camera, jewelry, passport, etc.
This was no fault of my kid and why are we being punished.
My kid is gone now for a year and sooooooooooo happy at her new place.
Parents, please read these warnings carefully.
I would bet they are all true.
There are parties going on constantly.
Look it up online.
A kid died falling off the balcony from partying to hard.
The staff does nothing to keep your kids or their things safe.
I hired carole's house cleaning for deep clean and they did a great job!
Exactly what the house needed.
Also, the best customer service i've ever received and definitely will be hiring again to come monthly.
Thanks for all your help and making it a great experience - it is very appreciated!
I am so disappointed with these apartments..
The apartments are beautiful and amenities are nice but there is no air conditioning in my bedroom.
The master bedroom gets very cold but there is very little airflow to the other bedroom and bathroom.
Not to mention the bathroom is at a constant 90 degrees.
I will not be renewing my lease with this complex and advise anyone considering a lease here to think twice.
I recently rented an apartment with vista sureno and i love the staff!
Everyone has been so helpful and quick to respond to my questions.
They are very kind to my children which is wonderful.
The complex is quiet and the neighbors i have met are so friendly.
I am so happy to have found this place.
Excellent customer service the whole way thru.
Responsive and accommodating, even thru a few bumps in the road.
Be clear about what exactly you want the house keeper to do.
We are relocating to las vegas, after spending a several days looking at house getting frustrated i found marcel.
He immediately answered (after several others not responding) and met us to show us a home.
He was friendly, professional and listened.
Naturally we were nervous coming from out of state but fell very comfortable with him.
We found a place and signed the deal.
Ashlan was fantastic is helping us through the process.
This place is a very poor place to live  at.
Forget all the amenities.
The walls are paper thin .
This is a very big place with several buildings and lots of students who live there.
There are no managers to make decisions after 5:30 during the week.
Instead, they have students who man the front desk and have no authority to do anything.
They want your rent check and expect you to follow the rules.
Somewhere here i am sure there are violations that they need to be sited for.
This is an extremely poorly run place.
It could be so much better but the people in charge are not very bright.
Done with this place!
Bullet points; here we go.
After two years, i think i have some perspective.
Pros: - proximity to campus.
Being across the street is great.
- gym is 24 hours, is pretty well stocked with machines and weights.
- food right down stairs (if you're into dominos and jimmy jonhs).
The haircut joint in vista is awesome, the girls are hot, and they're really fun.
Cons (oh god): - everything is broken.
- staff is a bunch of students who don't care about anything.
- management is non-existent.
I've never met any of them, no matter how many times i've tried.
- the mail room is a joke.
Your packages don't get logged for days, they've taken my magazines before, and it's staffed by one person.
Maybe two if you're lucky.
- cops are just wandering around waiting to hassle you about drinking, regardless of weather or not you're 21.
Or have been drinking.
- pool is disgusting.
- way too expensive for what you get.
- rooms are tiny.
- random charges that they don't explain.
- took me 3 minutes to skateboard to my car from my apartment.
- did i mention everything's broken and dirty?
- plus many more...
Seriously, just don't live here.
Parents: don't believe your kid'll be better off here over somewhere else.
Don't put them in the vue either, but for the love of god don't put them here either.
Other places around town exist that are cheaper, bigger, and nicer.
Nice apartment and clean complex, but the noise is horrible.
Seriously considering paying the couple thousand dollars to break my lease.
University house is owned by a reit (real estate investment trust) inland american communities.
As a parent of a student at uh who pays the lease i can say this place is awful.
If you have a better option, take it.
This place is mis-managed, disorganized and unresponsive to tenants needs.
You sign up for the entire year and they suck the money right out of your account every month.
You are held captive and tenant complaints go unanswered frequently.
They cannot even deliver the mail.
Yelp reviews can only do so much, suggest you sound off to inland american communities.
Here is the website:  http://www.inlandac.com.
Make your complaints known to the corporation that really owns and runs the property.
They need to step it up!
Honestly a dumpy ripoff, the only reason people live here is because barrett advertises and pressures freshman into it.
Within a week my towel rack fell off the wall and the dishwasher broke.
So many things are subpar.
And if you know anything about asu, no internet means no homework, which could easily cause someone to miss deadlines.
Overall really messy, thin walls, bad appliances and maintenance and it's more expensive than the better off campus apartments.
Will never understand the bad reviews!
This place is great!
The staff is so pleasant and helpful!
I put in work orders and they're taken care of as promptly as can be!
Also one of the maintenance techs, spencer, over the top friendly!
He's not too bad on the eyes either!
The property isn't bad!
The buildings are older, but you get what you pay for!
The location is perfect for people who are involved in the community because it is near everything in ahwahtukee!
Lots of shopping and errands near home.
Also near the i-10 so it really is prime location!
This place is great!
Give it a try and you won't be upset!
No apology, no explanation, not even acknowledgement of a pretty severe issue from the complex bookkeeper.
Horrible place to live.
Thought i would try it as a sophomore because of the private bathroom and spacious rooms.
If you are thinking of living here because of its convenience to campus, choose somewhere else thats cleaner and quieter.
You won't regret it.
Needed a move-out cleaning done for a property.
Tried carole's house cleaning for the first time and i have to admit i was impressed.
Lupe was the one who came out for cleaning and she did an amazing job.
She removed stains i didn't think would be possible.
It was also great dealing with shawn, the owner, getting things scheduled and handling the payment.
They made sure the job got done right.
Kudos to this company!
Would not even give this place a star.....to all u new tenants beware this place is infested w bedbugs !
My daughter moved into a bed bug infestation .
She is covered from head to toe w painful, itchy bites.
This place is great!
Management is great and the security is even better!
Every new apartment has there flaws but as time goes on management is getting better and better.
Do not live here!!
There were times when i stayed there and there would be no hot water.
The wifi is pretty sketchy and unreliable.
You don't get very good cell service in the building either.
The staff are not helpful at all and don't know any answers to simple questions.
The elevator was always disgusting along with the stairs and hallways.
The area is pretty sketchy also, there are a lot of homeless people and the security is a joke.
Hopefully this is enough warning!
I'm sure i'm forgetting some other awful things because there were too many!
Do not live here!!!
If i could give a 0 i would but i guess the lowest i can is a one star !!!
All you have to is read all of the reviews to this place.
You would like management would step in and improve on stuff.... but nope looks like they could care else!
Warning: deserves zero stars!!!
This place is awful!
No place to park ever then people never park in their lanes when they do park.
They give you the "courtesy patrol" info which they do not do anything.
They don't address noise complaints ever.
Steer very very clear of this place it's not worth it what so ever!
Good customer service, great location and amazing amenities.
Not to mention the apartment i'm getting is 850' one bedroom.
When me and my roommate moved in the place was thrashed.
Bugs in the oven because there was food left over from the past people (mildew all over).
The balcony had 3 bikes as well as a kitty litter box which had poop in it.
We had to have a cleaning crew come and clean it for us.
The wifi is beyond garbage.
Sooooooo my best advice is to not even consider this place.
Could not pay me to live here.
This is my second semester living here and so far i've had a great experience.
I put in the requests.
I felt bad turning him away because thanks to vista i once again had to handle it myself.
They advertise that they pair roommates with a questionnaire to match compatible roommates.
This system is a joke.
All three of my roommates were exact opposites of me.
I can literally go on forever about how much i hated my roommate situation.
Do not trust vista to match you up, they will screw you over.
Serious i walked on the fake wooden floors for 2 minutes and my feet were dirty, disgusting!
Its always loud: seriously, there is always some idiot yelling at the top of their lungs usually stupid drunk.
Plus the walls are paper thin.
I could hear the people above me jumping around all the damn time.
One time i actually heard my neighbors phone ring, the phone was on vibrate!
I am not even joking, the walls are that thin!
The staff: the staff here is 1/2 students and 1/2 management.
The students can not do anything to help, they best they've done for me is transfer me to a manager.
They promise staff 24/7 who can help with any problem you have.
As for the managers, they are sometimes helpful, most of the time though they are just jerks.
She said that vista was completely full and that i could not transfer to another apartment at vista.
My dad called that same day, talked to a different person and he said there were many rooms available.
I was either lied to or the person i talked to was incompetent.
Again this might just be me, i just didn't like a majority of the residents there.
These are just my biggest issues with vista  i am speaking off of experience, an awful experience might i add.
I can not even say how miserable i was at vista.
I lived there for two months and it was horrible.
I moved out and am in the process of having somebody take over my lease.
You have to keep in mind, they are salesmen.
I promise you if you decide to live at vista, it will be the worst decision you can make.
I warn you, pass up on vista, you will be much happier if you do!
My daughter lived there two years.
They sure don't keep the place updated and clean for the amount they charge for a room.
She was in a 5 bedroom with 4 other girls.
This place is a joke.
Don't be blinded by the amenities.
I would like to start off by saying i made a this account specifically to review this building.
This building is the biggest pieces of trash i have ever had to live in.
This is single handedly the dirtiest establishment i've ever encountered, the halls are littered with throw up and pet stains.
All around this is the last place i would recommend living for anyone in the area.
In the picture below, the throw up stain is currently still there and appeared back in december
There are even emails saying she cannot move in because a guarantor never signed.
They never even contacted her until 6 months after they said she wasn't approved.
In fact, a collections agency contacted her about it.
She never lived in this apartment, was never approved, and never even given keys to move in.
They are trying to put this on her credit and charge her money she doesn't owe.
How sick...trying to put college students in debt who are already trying to get through educating themselves.
This is criminal and should not go unnoticed.
Please share so that no other students have to go through this...
Unfortunately this isn't the first time this has happened at this horrible complex.
So please don't put yourself in this situation.
She has been lied to, threatened, and harassed.
I moved into blvd when i decided to sublease through a friend of a friend.
Water also sucks and bugs are starting to infest the place (luckily i'm moving out tomorrow).
I would not wish this upon my worst enemy.
If you any wish to live in a quality and cozy student apartment complex, do not live here.
Also, kitchen is terrible, appliances are 10 years outdated and only work half the time.
Alex the assistant manager has no idea what customer service is.
Not only did i leave insulted my rent payment issue was not resolved.
She blamed the issue on a new hire mistake.
She didn't bother to help me and helped the next person waiting without resolving anything.
The management staff is unprofessional and does not care about the residents.
Do not live here.
You will hate the experience!!!
Do not live here listen to me.
Maintenance shows up at 7 in the morning and walks into your apartment if you don't answer the door.
Also when they do walk in, they bang on your bedroom door until you wake up.
They locked an empty room with a bike, pillows, clothes, and personal belongings inside.
I have submitted numerous requests for them to come unlock it and they haven't come yet.
People that work in the front office (the managers and other salary paid employees) are rude.
Ceiling fan fell out of the ceiling and almost killed me.
The fan didn't get fixed until february/march and it fell in september.
Elevators break all the time.
A kid got stuck in the elevator for a long time.
Often have to take the stairs from the 16th floor in phase 2 because there is only one working elevator.
Just don't live here, you're not missing out on anything.
I can't imagine the amount of profit asu is making on every student who lives here.
Still another $700 for one parking space.
Please be careful when housing your student that you go to a non asu owned complex.
I have used the services twice and i am very pleased.
I would highly recommend!
Lupe was terrific and friendly.
As another reviewer said, i appreciate that they don't nickel and dime you.
It's a straightforward payment process and you can schedule them as you need (my favorite part!).
I'll definitely call again next time i need some help!
I enjoy living here!
I like how it's not confusing or annoying to get to my room.
My room has an awesome view and the living room is great.
If i could give a 0 i would but i guess the lowest i can is a one star !!!
All you have to is read all of the reviews to this place.
You would like management would step in and improve on stuff.... but nope looks like they could care else!
This place is shit.
If you are in barrett don't live here.
You are paying way too much and they will milk you for your money.
Such a horrible place do not live here, the management is absolutely horrible and rude non helpful whatsoever.
This place is absolutely horrible and not worth the price.
Dont live here do yourself a favor
I had a great time living here for 2 years.
The quality of the rooms was great and i loved the balcony view.
They treated my dog with love and respect and there was a very diverse group of residents.
Honestly, it's hard for me to find a single thing i like about this place.
Okay, i'll give them credit when they say they have a nice facility.
It all looks great from the outside, the common areas are well maintained and landscaped.
But once you step inside, it gets worse.
Ask for a tour of one of the buildings, and maybe you'll see the truth behind it all.
Let's start from the beginning of me moving in!
They would not fulfill my request because they had to clean the units.
Perfectly acceptable response, so i let it go.
When i moved in, i was awestruck.
The refrigerator had black mold growing all throughout it, there was no way it was cleaned.
The drawers in the kitchen were full of dirt, trash, and worst, bugs.
Roaches and whatnot littered the entire kitchen, everything was coated in a gooey mess.
Anyways, i step into my bedroom to finally move my things in, and there are trash bags.
Sticky liquid stains all over the wall.
A broken tub, bathroom fan, and toilet.
So, i guess they cleaned that as well since i couldn't move in early?
Fast forward almost an entire lease term, and it's gotten no better.
So much for security.
Twice i've been locked out of my apartment, neither time could have been my fault.
We had to wait outside until somebody left to open the gate for us.
I've talked to management multiple times about these situations, and they seem to care less.
Still haven't received those phone calls.
Honestly, management does not care about their residents, they care about the money they are generating.
I'm really disappointed i'm paying $749 a month for all of these problems.
1a) make sure you jot down all of your information when getting a parking pass.
Make sure you are there earlier in the day so they don't run out of passes.
Make sure you have your model, color, license plate #, etc, handy so they can give you a tag.
I hear my neighbors yelling all the time, i've called the cops they've been so loud, management doesn't care.
Cops couldn't do anything because the resident wouldn't open the door.
Don't know where my ca is, haven't seen / met her at all this year.
3) don't blame the front desk staff, blame the management.
Most of the complex is run by student workers, making minimum wage and having no real power.
But, don't expect a response back from a manager, they just don't care.
Few good things about the place:  1) pool is great, always clean, always lively.
2) mail room is super friendly.
They email you when a package arrives and she always has a smile on her face.
3) food is great in the little shopping center.
Walmart, dominos, jimmy johns, etc.
Rent is too high.
They don't care about residents.
We stayed with our daughter for two weeks while waiting for our new house to be ready.
This is a gated community but the gates are left open at random times.
Someone stole gas out of our truck while it sat in the parking lot.
This is a non smoking complex (i don't smoke but this seems a little invasive to me).
They are repainting the outside of the buildings, but are not maintaining things that are broken.
The sauna has been out of service for months.
The water dispenser in the gym is full of green water.
The internet was down in the media center.
They do have a nice dog run, and the pool and spa were clean.
Do not live here.
The security guards need to be fired immediately and management needs to be replaced.
Last night at 2 in the morning several men came into the complex lobby with security guards on duty.
Luckily no one was raped, taken or killed.
Management is doing little to nothing about the situation.
Pure disgrace and violation of contract promising safety.
I couldn't be happier with this location.
The apartments are quiet and were built 30 years ago when things weren't made so cheap.
Electric bill is super cheap!
You will love living in vista sureno.
Using their service has been life-changing!
Tammy is now coming to our home every other week.
She does great work and it's a huge help to us!
Pros:  -  close to campus (only if you live in certain rooms, otherwise you get hosed).
-  the pool looks nice (looks!)
They are never there and just have students run everything and they don't teach them anything.
It's not the students fault, this place sucks.
-  i had to sue this place to get anything done.
They gave lots of false promises.
This place is amazing (lie lie lie).
The parking here is so expensive too.
-  $750+ for one person in a shared room.
Go 2 blocks away and $800 will get you a 2 bedroom place that is double the size.
Thanks for ripping us off and taking advantage of students.
-  the pool and hot tub are always closed.
-  your mail will always come 3 days late.
They blame it on the fact that they don't have enough employees (hire some more then!!)
I could go on and on, but then i would drive myself crazy.
Don't live here unless you hate money and you like being pissed off all the time.
Or if you just like being taken advantage of constantly.
Otherwise, just find a place on craigslist.
I wanna thank carol's house cleaning for coming out and providing a amazing job..
I have used several cleaning services in the valley and was not satisfied.
Setting up my appointment was hassle free and the customer service was awesome.
I will recommend your company to my co-workers.
I will continue to use your services for my household cleaning.. keep up the great job!!
It was impossible to relet on our own because they could not tell us the room or roommates.
In short, an unbelievable ordeal that remains unresolved and is ignored by all corporate executives.
Carole's cleaning was amazing!
They booked me with only a week's notice for a full deep cleaning.
The price was very fair and lupe did an excellent job!
I would use their services again.
A lot of room!
And just what i need!
Also great staff as well.
No complaints for me:)
If i could give this place 0 stars i would.
The wifi is complete trash it always stops working, the appliances aren't even close to being new.
They're old and worn out.
Our ac has gone out multiple times.
Choosing to live here was the worst decision i've made all year.
And they try to charge you for every little thing.
I had an awesome experience with my recent home cleaning .
I had the pleasure of having christian clean my home.
She was absolutely amazing.
She took her time yet worked so effectively and efficiently.
She was focused and really made sure we were happy with the outcome.
I will be getting bi-weekly services going forward as long as she is the one doing it !!
Moet is so professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.
She made us feel totally welcome, and answered our million and one questions without any resistance.
She took great care of us, and we are confident in recommending her to others.
I never thought i would be one of those people who wrote a bad review about a business.
However ever since pb bell took over montage, i have been so frustrated with them,  four different times!
Now i just cant wait to move out.
When i moved into the property it was a mark taylor community.
I used to be a leasing consultant for mark taylor so i know how the business works.
The first month they took over, my $1400 rent payment (money order) was "lost".
July 3rd i walked down to drop my payment to find out they closed the drop box!
As you all know businesses are closed july 4th so i had to wait until the 5th.
Before 9am i tried to give my payment to the leasing staff.
I have never been late on my rent payment.
I don't have a car so getting to the bank was another inconvenience thanks to them.
This monday morning all water was shut off & i wasn't able to shower before work.
I can't wait to move!
Absolutely a horrible place to live.
Moving out was hell.
They have no system and tell you little to nothing that's going on.
Moving in was an interesting process.
They would be better off if they did in more day than one.
Also i paid for 15 days that i never even was there.
And they make you turn in your key before your lease is even over.
They did an amazing job of doing a move out clean for me.
Nothing got missed, everything is bright and shiny and smells so fresh and clean.
I wouldn't hesitate to use them, the staff is so friendly and nice as well.
These guys are great!
Thank you for doing such an amazing job!
Always shows up on time and does a fantastic job.
She is the best.
My husband and i will be moving this upcoming weekend.
I thought this was a nice complex with wonderful staff but came to find out otherwise.
We called the office and were told that they do not need to give us a reason.
So the complex is making money.
I spoke to her regarding the main swimming pool.
My concern being that the pool was closed memorial day.
I had company over and had planned to use the grill to cook steaks.
At 12:30p we went to the pool.
It was locked, being cleaned for routine maintenance.
So, we went to get charcoal and used the smaller pool.
This had happened a second time the same week.
Again, the pool was drained of water and closed.
I wound up taking my company to dinner.
The pool was not open again until saturday.
By this time my food was not any good and i ended up throwing away $60 worth of food.
I told her that four days in three digit heat is more than an inconvenience and how i lost food.
I also reminded her that when the pool is closed this also closed the electric grill and the gym.
But it just did not seem to matter.
This also brought up the question of, "is maintenance trained to care for these pools properly."
Another issue is the pool rules.
This clearly does not matter.
People leave their cigarette butts and glassware out.
Anyways, others have gotten this notice.
Their apartment will be inspected once a month for a year.
After three months they can sign a lease.
Lastly, an elderly woman got her notice to renew her lease.
Her rent was being raised $50 a month.
She asked the office is she can have a one bedroom apartment.
The complex told her that there is a waiting list.
The woman already lives there and there are two open units, mine and the unit upstairs the people have moved.
There are other issues, including mold.
This place will literally take every penny they can from you.
1 our dish washer broke,didn't have someone come fix it for 3 1/2 months after putting countless of orders in.
3 when you move out they will charge you for anything and everything...
I got charged for dust on my fan...
4 the parking and guest parking are a pain in the ass.
The only reason i gave it 2 stars was for the amenities like the gym, pool and free tanning.
Soo glad i moved out and would never recommend this place to anyone.
Nothing compares to this place.
It is expensive, but you get what you pay for.
An amazing location with breathtaking views.
If you haven't been to high street on a friday or saturday night, you're missing out!
I also work on the street and never get sick of it.
There's so much to do within walking distance!!
The apartment itself is the most high quality i've ever seen.
Kohler faucets and awesome mood lighting.
It's built on solid concrete so unlike 99% of other apartments you don't hear your neighbors.
It's super quiet here and almost feels like a luxury hotel with the amenities available.
Sarah is an awesome property manager and is always there to help!
Everyone has been so friendly to us.
We are definitely going to stay here for years to come!
Just moved in about a month ago.
One bedroom apartment is very spacious, staff is nice and sweet.
Billy has a warming personality and scott has been very helpful with the move in process.
Carole's house cleaning is excellent!
Christina was extremely sweet & did an amazing job cleaning!
Will be using them again!
This place is awful and cares nothing about your living conditions or safety at all.
Here is a link to what they believe is an acceptable move in and living condition.
Great job, really detailed cleaning.
Will use them again for sure.
They also have the standard 12 and 15 month.
The styling and finishes are beautiful, location is superd, but we like the layouts are rely what sold us.
We live in a 1 bedroom that is very spacious and open concept.
Pros:  floor plans large open floor plans with gorgeous kitchens.
Like i said there are a lot of different floor plans to choose from they all flow really well.
Light and windows lots of natural light and attention to window placement.
So far the noise level from other residents hasn't been an issue at all.
If someone talks in the hallway though it can be heard inside the apartment as if they are yelling.
People here generally keep to themselves and get out of the hallway quickly, but should be noted.
Amenities  are 24 hours, fitness center, indoor outdoor lounge, pool.
They also have a fireplace,pool table, mac and pc in the lounge for printing.
They stock the lounge with trail mix cereal and milk in the refrigerator so thats a bonus.
I love that i can go at anytime of day if i want to.
So far they are pretty empty but time will tell when the place fills up how busy they get.
Who lives here mix of young and older.
I wouldn't say its a college kid complex, but it has a younger vibe.
Even though i'm a student i don't want to live in party central if you know what im mean.
Location can walk pretty much anywhere you'd want to go if need be.
Marquee is down the street.
The lake and mill aren't far past that for those drunken nights when you need to walk home.
Camden isn't too far from anything so you won't have a problem getting anywhere.
Maintenance and staff the staff has been great from day 1.
Miranda is my favorite so talk to her if you come.
The whole leasing experience was amazing!
We opted for them to come even if we were out and they did.
They left us a confirmation the the kitchen counter.
I was pleasantly surprised how quick they responded.
Cons:  fire department  on the south side of the building.
We stupidly didm;t notice when we toured the place, but love it too much to care.
Might not be a problem at all if you live in the building farther north.
Continuous planes  flying by throughout the day.
You are pretty much living directly over the flight path which can get annoying if you're home during the day.
The surrounding location hasn't "come up really."
Lots of car dealerships that look abandoned on scottsdale rd.
This isn't really a con, just something to say in case someone cares.
All in all i really enjoy living here and will be sad when i move out.
I feel like any place i move will be a downgrade from this place!
There are so many more good things to say about this place but i don't want to bore you.
Tour it and you'll move in same day!
I'm disabled and need a one story and no one was willing to work with us.
If i could i would give zero stars.
This is a really great place to live.
Each residence is completely quiet and immaculately built.
The upgrades are stellar as well.
It's beautifully manicured grounds and fantastic heated pool and jacuzzi make you feel like you're living in a resort.
I love the kitchen, the storage is awesome.. and my son& i love having a jacuzzi in the master bath!
It's also safe... with fob entry to all doors and the parking garage!
Further, it's right near everything.
I love heading downstairs to all the restaurants and my neighbors are great too.
The only thing i look forward to having them add is a gym.
But even with that..
Luxury is to me.. and understatement.
It's the best apartment or condo style living i've seen.
I highly recommend it!
If you move here.. tell them i sent you!
I love it here, can't complain.
Yeah there is some mishaps at the office sometimes.
But when is there not mistakes in offices, the important part is how they make up for it.
Quiet neighborhood, next door to restaurants,parks, nail shops.
I've lived at camden hayden with my bf in a 1 bed since august 2015.
I've had some great & bad experiences, overall i'd rate it 3.5 stars.
Pros:  - the apartments look very modern, featuring hardwood (ok, laminate) flooring & brand new chrome appliances.
- the facilities are great.
There is an awesome gym which sometimes has towels & protein powder.
But don't bet on there being enough towels for everyone.
- there is a large pool & hot tub that are regularly cleaned & are both heated.
There are also several gas grills by the pool & remaining facility.
Most of the time, there are towels available.
- the maintenance team does a great job at keeping the property clean & functioning.
I see them all the time, wiping down the grills, chairs, gym machines etc & even hosing down the ground.
The landscaping is beautifully done, especially in front of the complex.
- the location is close to both tempe & scottsdale.
You are also walking distance to a food city & an urgent care facility.
Tempe marketplace is just a 10 minute drive away & has all the shopping you'll ever need.
- if you ask for a move-in deal, you'll probably get at least two months free with your lease.
But don't let anyone pressure you into deciding on the spot, you can ask for a time window.
- there is pest control & valet trash pick up.
- you can submit work orders for anything wrong with the apartment.
You are also able to give maintenance permission to enter without your presence.
Meaning that you do not have to take a day off work or alter your schedule.
- our apartment has a huge walk in closet (love it!)
&, i believe, all apartments have an in-unit washer & dryer.
- when we first moved in there were a ton of events - free pizza, burritos & breakfasts.
However, that has been substantially cut back on.
That's ok though, i'd rather have mgmt consider free fitness classes.
There is always free coffee, tea & water in the residents' office.
- the employees are all incredibly nice, i have no idea how they remember everyones' names but kudos.
Lauren & moet are awesome.
Cons:  - this place is made of cheap materials.
Things within the apartment & on the facilities constantly need to be repaired.
Furthermore, there are some poorly designed aspects of the apartment.
For example, our freezer door can only be partially opened before it slams into the wall.
- because a large company owns the complex, local mgmt can't do much with your feedback.
Simple things such as asking for more towels at the gym will drag over months with little to no results.
- it get's extremely noisy.
You'll be right underneath a flight path for large commercial airlines.
If you are a light sleeper, i would highly advise that you not move here.
- currently there are no group gym classes being offered.
However, mgmt has been exploring the idea for a while.
- a/c is only in the living room.
Ventilation does not reach the bedroom, so it can get pretty hot if you don't leave your bedroom door open.
- the apartment is rather pricey for the area.
- you are forced to have a technology package with cox, which can be spotty at times.
- parking is extremely complicated.
You will get towed if you're not in your designated spot.
Our spot is frequently taken & mgmt does not have a solution, nor a guaranteed alternative parking spot.
- limit 2 parking spots per apartment (one covered & one uncovered), unless you pay for a garage.
- mgmt will not hold delivered packages for you.
- there are a bunch of little additional fees (billing, pest control, etc.)
That you'll only find out after you've been approved & receive the lease.
It totally destroyed my trust with miranda, our leasing agent & i considered not signing the lease because of it.
- you will live right across the street from a strip club.
This might be a pro for some, but could be rather uncomfortable when your parents come visit.
But everything that was written in the reviews was true!!!
Just like the reviews promised, upon move in day, the unit was completely disgusting.
The floors looked as though they hadn't been cleaned one time since the place was built.
Has any idea on how to escape, i would love to know.
So please, if you don't believe my review, fine.
But before you move in, read more, google vista, read even more, and ask the students that live there.
This place takes care of you!
That being said on easter sunday this year matt with maintenance came and fixed my air conditioning that went out.
It  was 90 degrees in my apartment and he dropped his easter plans to come and fix it.
This place offers incredible and fast service.
Do not live here because of management.
The resident services manager, lindsay fortress, is an unprofessional and rude woman that you don't want to deal with.
She discriminates and is outright rude to students due to their age and naivety.
Do not live here until they change management.
Although its a very nice place, its an extra headache that's not worth the $824 for one month's of rent.
When i did (3 days later), i was told the apartment had already been rented.
If this ordeal is indicative of how things are run there, i'd rather take my money elsewhere.
My son rented a unit with asu friends.
I am not complaining about paying for the rent during the summer months.
He got a summer internship in la.
Toward the end of july (july 25th in fact), i texted my son about going down to get his bike.
My son told me he did not have the key to his room, but had the fob.
I did find that.
All that was in our text .
So i went down to tempe to take care of things.
I went to the main office.
Told them about the key (or lack of key - would be charged $10).
They called a maintenance person, but could not connect with him.
So i could not get in the room.
That was july 25th.
They have record of me giving in the key on that day.
The next week - it was july 31 - i called and asked about the bike.
They had the bike.
So i went down to pick it up.
When i got to the office, the bike was in the office.
They did not tell me anything else about the room.
I assumed all was fine.
My son queried about the dresser damage (he did not know of any) and the trash charges for his room.
The other stuff was fine.
He got this response:   "thank you for your patience!
I have attached the photos taken in your room during our move-out inspections.
We charge $25/bag for removal or trash or belongings left behind.
I reduced the charge for the damage to your dresser to 1/3 of the replacement cost.
Your updated account statement is attached.
Please make this payment as soon as possible to avoid any further action."
We were charged $150 for that, including a bike that i picked up (after being denied on july 25th).
The bike was in my garage.
There was no mention of the other things when i picked up the bike.
I sent another picture with a time stamp from my phone camera.
The same dust was on it.
The chain was off and exactly like it was in her picture.
The seat was worn at the same spot in her picture and mine.
The bike seat pole had the exact same wear in both her picture and mine.
But that i expected to be helped.
I asked for all the garbage charges to be taken off the final bill.
She simply said, "my people did not write down" that i had asked to get in the room.
Long story...shorter...if you rent here, understand that corrine plays god on check out (and perhaps other times, i don't know).
She won't take calls.
She may even get a cut of the end of lease charges.
If they did type something in, don't expect any help.
It was not as much as the beginning, and toward the end, i  was fighting "right" vs. "wrong".
That is what you can expect.
I love living here!
I was in need of a place to move in a rush.
I found this place and immediately fell in love.
The front office girls are incredible.
Organized, great communication, and friendly.
They helped me get everything together to make for a speedy move in.
I have now lived here for almost 5 months.
The grounds are well kept.
Parking is never an issue with loads of visitor parking available.
The layouts are perfect for my 2 kids and i.
The pools are great.
Also, everyone that lives here is so friendly and nice.
I have made many neighbor friends here.
I was lucky to obtain a newly remodeled apartment as well.
Highly recommend living here!
I'm counting down the days until my lease is up.
If you are interested in moving here make sure it is not apt 1082.
They specifically told me there's nothing they can do.
This makes me not even want to go leave my home.
I'd rather pay a full months rent and get out then stay here another month smh.
I wouldn't recommend this place.
The location of this property is amazing and the apartments are super modern.
The people that work in the front desk are so nice and are always willing to help.
Preon, one of the managers, is one hell of a worker!
He is always available to help and gets you what you need in a timely manner.
I'm currently looking for a new apartment.
Just an fyi to all.
That means, no smoking, even outside!!
Kind of like living on a hospital campus.
I know that 30+ million people still smoke, it is legal and suspect that a lot of renters are smokers.
Bottom line, places that want to re engineer people's lives, extends way past just banning smoking.
I'll bet their more likely to be up in everyone's business, like demanding to enter whenever they feel like it.
Way overboard behavior, especially if it's ever happened to you.
So, just know this is what's happening at this place.
If your a non smoker, it could also be a selling point.
It's doing it secretly that bothers me.
I want as little contact with any government body.
Need a place quick when we moved here from nevada a little over a year ago.
Rrm fit the bill for a temporary home.
The complex is old...likely built in the mid 80's.
The apartments are worn and it shows.
The compressor struggled to keep the apartment at 80 degrees.
It took way to long for the entire a/c until to be replaced.
The rent is exceptionally high for such an old complex.
We ended up finding a 4bdr, 2.5 bath with a 2 car garage in east mesa for $1000/month.
The house is less than 10 years.
In short, take your money and find a better complex.
Rrm should be a last resort.
The camden hayden is truly as classy as it gets!
I visited the camden hayden and was not ready to be even more amazed than i was expecting!
The staff is so friendly, kind, and professional!
Moet is the sweetest, and answered all of my questions and then some.
While touring the facilities, she even knew each and every resident by name!
I cannot wait to move into the camden hayden, truly a class act!
I have some very strong opinions regarding my experience within the first two days of living at uh tempe.
Let's just start off with before i actually moved in.
I need a service dog.
I supplied all the needed material to the housing office and never got a response or confirmation.
Lo and behold someone put their dog on the fourth and it was swimming in the pool.
I have also been waiting for a very important package to arrive.
But in true uh tempe fashion, they all left before 7.
All in all the amenities are nice, but the management is shit.
Westwood mgmt company has taken over our apartments & they are absolutely terrible.
Rude office staff, not helpful, & we have been without hot water for approximately one week now.
I'm having to call the landlord-tenant association at this point.
Do not live here!!!!!!
This apartment is garbage.
Blvd 1900 doesn't even know what that is!!
I am not over exaggerating when i say that my hot water is turned off once a week.
What am i even paying rent for????
They seriously act like hot water isn't an issue at all!!
They just say sorry and do nothing!
Its quite annoying having to wash your hair in the sink every.
Because hot water is just a minor inconvenience to them.
Its russian roulette with this complex.
Don't count on that either.
The complex is noisy 24/7, along with garbage men going through the hallways at odd hours of the night.
They have rules for when you can put out your trash as well.
On top of all of this, you get the worst maintenance people.
They hire pretty much anyone who applies it seems.
They don't know what they are doing, and have 0 respect for you.
I truly despise living here.
Every day it gets worse.
I honestly do not know what i am paying for each month???!!!!!!!
Do not live here!!!!!!
You can hear doors slamming or furniture moving from the floor above you, and even them turning on the shower.
It goes out at least 3 times a day, sometimes for an extended period of time.
3)  the dishwashers don't work.
I hear the same complaint from everyone i know who lives here.
They're entirely useless and i've had to throw away much of my silverware because it's so worthless.
4)  the toilets barely work.
You have to flush it 2 or 3 times for it to do the job.
5)  maintenance randomly barges into your place without notice or even knocking.
6)  the printer in the business center has been broken for at least a month.
The staff is aware of this and has done nothing about it.
I've been living here for about 6 months now.
The pool is nice when it's hot but i haven't really used it much lately.
The gym is decent...everything you would need.
I never really use the "clubhouse" except for the printer in the computer center.
Also having my own bathroom is great, as well as storage space in the apartment.
Luckily, for the most part, they make sure things are taken care of...i've never had any problem with them.
About every 3-4 months they do "maintenance checks"/"inspections".
When they do these checks they start semi-early in the morning...usually banging really loud on doors and saying "maintenance!"
It's just really unprofessional and weird to me.
But i just find the whole procedure in general odd and uncomfortable.
Waking up to hearing men's voices in my apartment that i don't recognize...it's creepy.
If you're looking for complete, "grown up adult" privacy, this place is not great.
It's just a bit disappointing and i feel a little bit like a child.
Not renewing for a second year.
This building does not provide a safe environment for its residents and is completely unhelpful regarding any situation.
The building amenities are old and repeatedly broken.
Pool is also closed all the time for various public safety issues.
It took them up until this year to get a working garage door.
My favorite example of this is the workout machines that still have iphone chargers from the previous generation.
Mail is a common issue among residents that management refuses to solve.
There are countless stories about this building and sadly all of them are true.
Most positive reviews i have seen on the internet are wrote by their own staff!
I also made a yelp account just to go out of my way and leave this review.
Stay away at all costs
I hired them for my final house clean when i moved out of rental property.
They were so easy to work with and they did such an awesome job of cleaning!!!
Unfortunately a ceiling fan was broken, but they settled the claim quickly and fairly.
I would definitely hire this company again!!
I would definitely recommend this company!
They were able to come out and clean my home with short notice and did an amazing job!
The lady was very thorough and detailed!
I will absolutely have them out again!
Do not live here!!
Do not waste a dollar on this shithole!!!!!
I have lived in the complex for 5 years.
New management has just taken over so with that comes change.
They have repainted all the building and have a roofing project in the works.
The issues i have had in my 5 years all relate back to water.
My shower goes from steaming hot to freezing cold in seconds mid shower.
Just imagine getting scolding hot water unexpectedly and then it jumps to icy cold.
Literally every time i shower.
Poor neighbors below me.
You can hear through walls quite clearly which is awkward.
I even received a package dated a year back that had just been lying around i guess?
I thought it was lost forever.
Overall it's just not worth the inconveniences.
I've only stayed because what's the point of packing up to go to another shitty apartment complex?
Location in my opinion, is the only plus.
Oh and i have vaulted popcorn ceilings.
The same blinds that had been in the apartment since the late 80's?!!
I was pretty perplexed.
I can't say enough horrible things about them.
Do not live here!!!!!!!!
The new management is back.
The former engineer is also back.
Things are now looking bright again.
And not a moment too soon.
I've been living here for about 3 months, and so far-- i have no complaints!
The staff are very nice and the complex has several amenities.
Maintenance requests are responded fairly quickly and the furniture is pretty clean and new.
The one negative are the floors, they're exceptionally dirty and scratched.
Only giving this 5 stars cause danielle is dope af always helps out the residents and helps us without hesitation
This place is horrible.
The people who manage it don't care much about the tenants, and the neighbors are a mixed lot at best.
There is a lot of noise from constant maintenance and trucks on the property.
And there is frequently trash and dog crap on the grounds.
The pool is closed often with no explanation posted.
And one of the pool rules states that you cannot bring any alcohol into the pool area.
Adults should be able to drink whatever they want on their own apartment property!
Such nazis about their messed-up rules.
Where is our liberty?!
This place advertises as "luxury living", and refers to the "lush landscaping".
It is definitely not luxury living, the apartments are very so-so.
And the grounds are pretty ugly.
Especially in some areas where they simply don't water.
There is water tubes by the plants and trees that are never turned on.
The trees and plants in our area are clearly dying.
They are also complete nazis about parking.
Such a police state here.).
And they post ridiculous notices like about how you cannot place a "for sale" sign on your vehicle .
I guess you are not allowed to sell your car if you live here.
We have wasted so many hours waiting around for them, and they don't even come (or call with any explanation).
There are better apartments in the area that are nicer, and not as overpriced as these.
Check around, and avoid this property unless it improves dramatically.
Tammy did a great job cleaning our home!
We ended up paying just under $200 for one person to clean 2400 sq ft in 5.5 hours.
Maintenance staff is super quick and friendly.
Pros- -beautiful units, with updated appliances, washer dryer, everything you would need and more.
-everything seems clean to me, including common areas.
I saw them cleaning pool, gym and common areas every morning.
-the amenities are great.
Nice pool and gym.
-friendly and helpful front desk staff.
-seems secure...you need the fob to get in anywhere.
-everything seems high end inside the apartments  cons- i wish they have garage parking available to all residents.
Um...if you think vista is bad, try 922 place.
Where to even begin.
I'll keep things simple and brief.
A broken bed frame that you have to get the student workers to replace 3.
Sticky and gouged floors 5.
A weird musty smell?
And cigarette ash everywhere.
Beer salt all over the counter 7.
Random clothing everywhere 8.
Dust bunnies to put petting zoos to shame 9.
Roommates who may or may not have mental issues/parents who pay for their immaturity  10.
Liquor bottles everywhere 11.
No wifi or electric.
You have to get those yourself.
That's just a couple of the issues right off the bat.
If anyone else has had this experience, feel free to do the same i will do.
Moving into university house was the highlight of my sophomore!
Great location, awesome amenities, and anything is better than dorms!
Wrong.this place was horrible.
One night i woke up by the fire alarms going off and the intercom saying to evacuate the building.
Mind you, the elevators weren't in operation and university house is 19 stories.
That was not the only instance.
Another night the alarm went off around 2 am but shut off in about a minute.
About 10 minutes later the evacuation alarm sounded again.
In the time it took me to put on shoes and walk to the front door, it turned off.
At 240 am it went off again!
How is that safe for when there is a real emergency?!
On football game days they set up security at the building and garage entrance.
He gave me and my friend a weird look and tried looking into the back of my car.
I was 100% compliant and respectful and he was acting as if i was hiding something.
Last incident was involving a roommate and her boyfriend and the complaint is specifically addressing keitha, the property manager.
My roommate had a boyfriend that was staying the night every.
For about three hours a specific area of units lost water.
I only found out because i went to shower and no water came out.
I called the office and they said the water had just been shut off.
What was upsetting was that no form of notification was sent out to inform anyone else.
This place could easily be 4 stars but management is absolutely terrible, unprofessional, sometimes rude, and "always busy".
Stay far far away!!!
If you have any other option please do not rent here!!
I was unfortunate enough to live here in the past and was less than pleased with there "unmatched amenities."
Roommate matching is a joke as well as the promise of clean remodeled apartments.
While my stay here was less than enjoyable i am writing this review specifically regarding the vandalism of my car.
I came to my car early the next morning only to fine the windshield had been shattered.
Vandalism is a class6 felony with a mandatory 750 dollar fine and possible 4 months in jail.
Last time i checked i didn't sign up to live next to felons.
Management is a joke.
Dear american campus communities and 922 place, fuck you  -a current resident
The bedroom spaces are great.
The kitchen and living room are spacious and have great appliances.
The internet is the only thing that needs to be changed.
It always disconnects when it wants to.
Extremely frustrated with the continued misinformation given to me by camden hayden when i moved in.
Really enjoy living at the pointe.
The apartments are very nice and updated.
Maintenance is great at responding with all issues if any arise.
Management and staff are easy to talk to and available when needed.
They also host many community events that help residents get to know each other better.
In addition, the rates are great and all inclusive.
Was able to get last minute cleaning service and rita did a superb job.
And they dont add on for things like windows and baseboards.
They let you choose what areas you want focused on and it is by the time it takes.
Dont do it, dont make my mistake!!
There are so many other options for housing.
The security is useless and doesn't actually prevent anybody from entering the building who intends to.
They are great at harassing and deterring paying residents from entering their own home.
The landlord employs price discrimination when renting the apartments.
They'll offer you small "gifts" (which will never materialize) in order to entice you to sign.
Edit:  another unauthorized entry and invasion of privacy by management.
Management is aware that this conduct is illegal under a.r.s.
I'd rather be living anywhere else at this point.
This shouldn't even cross your mind when deciding where to live.
It would be truly ludicrous to even imaging giving these lying thieves any amount of money
Vista is a great option for living on campus.
It's super close so i can get to class quickly and don't have to worry about traffic.
The amenities are fantastic: pool, hot tub, grill, 24 hour gym, full kitchen, personal bedroom and bathroom.
I asked them for this twice in the beginning of june.
I was told both times that the property manager was working on it.
Last year i got the renewal notice and returned it signed by the 8th of june!
Why the delay this year??
Not only are they increasing my rent, but now they areimplementing a flat fee for the water bill.
Do not rent here!
Ok....i don't like being a hater but #sorrynotsorry.
So originally i was living in florida.
I was looking to take over someone's lease and came across a resident at blvd 1900.
When i had landed, i went straight to the blvd 1900 apartments.
That there makes absolutely no sense.
I'm gladly moved out of there.
I didn't even finish my lease.
I found someone to take my place as the delegate (which was also a huge hassle with the office).
I could only last so long there.
The amenities are nice but it's not worth all the trouble.
Do not live here listen to me.
Maintenance shows up at 7 in the morning and walks into your apartment if you don't answer the door.
Also when they do walk in, they bang on your bedroom door until you wake up.
People that work in the front office (the managers not the front desk workers) are rude.
Ceiling fan fell out of the ceiling and almost killed me.
The fan didn't get fixed until march and it fell in september.
Elevators break all the time.
A kid got stuck in the elevator for a long time.
Often have to take the stairs from the 16th floor in phase 2 because there is only one working elevator.
Just don't live here, you're not missing out on anything.
The ceiling fan in the living room was also fixed.
Elevator has also been fixed but will likely break again soon.
I cannot blame them for the the slow fixings of the elevators because they hire others to do that.
I do wish they would make taking care of their residents a priority.
Do not even take the time to look at this place!!!
Lived here for 5 years and loved it, till the last year or so, when the new management took over.
They lie, try to nickel and dime you for everything they can.
Also, some of the most rude people i have ever met in my life!
I've never been talked down to as bad as paul has to me!
Don't waste your time here!
I could go on and on forever on complaints!!
Rosa, paul, and their "boss" jennifer are some of the most unprofessional people i've ever felt with in my life.
And i am only 26 years old.
We couldn't find a place that fit our needs.
We briefly stopped at residences on high street to pick up a floor plan sheet.
We went back one more time a few weeks later and found tina to be so helpful.
I look forward to staying here for quite some time.
College is a time to make mistakes.
Get a regrettable tattoo, or piercing.
Get married (and annulled) in vegas.
Double major in english literature and political science.
My big college mistake was signing a lease to live at vista del sol.
(much more expensive and annoying than tattoo removal.)
1) they're pimped by asu, but they're not really connected to the college.
They're run by a shady management/developed company.
They care way more about making the sale than providing a safe, livable living situation for residents.
2) just liker a creepy frat party i attended freshman year, vista is all about looks, and not about quality.
I lived there soon after the buildings were constructed and there was already cracks, mold, furniture issues.
3) don't get caught up in the amenities: they don't make sense.
If you live on campus, this gym is included.
Also, the pool near the rec center is always more social and fun.
4) you pay for an off campus experience.
You're done with ra's holding your hands and immature jackasses partying and screaming all night.
Really close to campus, but i can take care of myself."
It's somehow worse at vista.
There are still ra's or "community leaders" or whatever they're called to mommy people.
At vista you feel somehow lower than a freshman at manzinita.
I felt like i was going crazy.
I was getting harassed by my roommates who threw loud, dangerous parties the night before finals.
Property was getting destroyed.
All the management could do for me is tell me to list my lease on craigslist.
I felt so powerless.
There is no process.
There is a tiny personal survey with dumb questions about yourself and very little space to write answers.
6) this place attracts jackasses.
My car was scratched in the parking lot multiple times and people drive like it's the autobahn in there.
No matter if you're more in to jenny or chris hardwick, i assure you: you don't.
Don't live at vista.
And trust me, i've looked at everything from kierland in north scottsdale to safari in old town.
- one of my favorite features are the 10 foot ceilings with floor-to-ceiling windows in every room.
The views are calming.
- there is absolutely no noise - the units are very energy efficient.
The staff -- tina and ann -- are also fantastic.
The community is kind and courtesy.
Lupe did a fantastic job, this was the first time i used the service and ii am very pleased.
She worked very hard for the three hours she was here in order to get as much done as possible.
Very close to campus.
I could walk/bike to class incredibly quickly.
I was very happy not to be put in a dorm.
24hr gym and pool 4.
Places to eat very close nearby 5.
Everyone's around the same age  cons:  1.
The staff (college students) are very disorganized during move-in.
The rooms are in terrible condition upon move-in.
Everything in the rooms is broken.
These were all obvious issues that should have been addressed long before we moved in.
On top of the condition of the rooms being horrid when we moved in, things only got worse from there.
Now, these things breaking would only be a small problem if they would actually get fixed.
However, the maintenance staff is the absolutely horrid.
I'd heard horror stories before, but i more or less dismissed them.
Now i see they are true.
You'll put in a work order and nothing will happen.
You have to pester them and put in multiple work orders, and even then, it takes forever.
I am afraid for how long it will take to fix the lights, fan, and sticking door.
The lights i get because those have to be ordered, but the fan?
Another note on maintenance: they just barge right in.
They knock, say "maintenance!"
And then come in.
Doesn't matter if you answer, doesn't matter if you're home, doesn't matter if you're standing naked in the living room.
That's just a rude invasion of privacy in my opinion.
In the rooms, there really isn't enough storage space for anything.
I feel like i'm just throwing things places, trying to get it all to fit.
The regular staff is just as incompetent.
I get the feeling they're desensitized to individual residents' problems, but that's not how vista claims it tries to run.
I have no balcony.
Why do some apartments have balconies while others do not?
Maybe i don't want a uselessly extra-long living room.
We aren't even giving the opportunity to select a preference.
The apartments are not pet friendly.
I understand this to some degree but at the same time, it's still a major con to me.
Yes, vista has its own parking you can buy a permit for.
If you have any choice in the matter, do not live here.
Be aware   this used to be a nice place to live.
I've even lived in this complex more then once.
My husband and i moved in 2 years ago when it was under old management.
But in the last year since this place has been taken over by greystar it has just been a nightmare.
It was so bad that i was getting headaches and we had to go stay with my mom.
This is not how we were wanting to spend our honeymoon.
And they agreed and said they will make note of our official move out date and apologized for everything.
Lesson here is don't ever rent an apartment, everyone is better of renting a home in tempe.
Vista del sol has a good location across the street from asu but spotty wifi.
Besides the fact that the wifi was out for 24 hours once it is not a bad place to live.
Bunch of thieves run this place. "
Replace freon in thermostat" $195.
There is no such thing as freon in thermostat.
These devices are all electrical and there is no refrigerant in the thermostat.
Besides the upkeep of the air conditioning is the responsibility of the landlord.
Beware when you move out they will charge you for things they don't perform.
Complained to their corporate office and they were also useless.
Stay away there are other places that look the same and are run professionally.
When you first move into this place, there is hope that the place will deliver what it promises.
Especially, when you are paying a premium.
But it is all smoke and mirrors.
From the beginning there are nothing but problems and attitude.
You don't want to be stuck here!
This was red flag number one.
One thing the place promised is a working internet.
When i moved in, my internet did not work.
This took 3 months to fix.
Instead of helping me, you state how you shouldn't be responsible.
No one took this serious.
Can you imagine being without internet?
Also, they don't offer concession when they put you in a bind.
I had to repeatedly battle in getting a concession.
Another problem, the appliances.
The stove makes popping noises.
The microwave caught on fire.
Every use , it would overheat and the plastic would burn and emit hazardous and smelly odor.
When reported, it took a month to replace.
Can you imagine not being able to use a microwave?
Again, had to adamantly ask for a concession for the inconvenience.
Another, the hot water and the ac.
There was no hot water and the ac didn't work.
It took about a month to fix.
No hot water or ac!
Also security is nice and all, but it feels like a prison living here.
Finally, the big one, the buildings hvac water line broke and flooded the building from the 8th floor down.
Can you imagine having your property in jeopardy like that?
This made the elevators inoperable.
There are 19 floors and using the stairs is a drag.
Due to this, the power and water was shut off.
No power or water!
They forced you into a nearby hotel where you couldn't have access to your room.
An insurance adjuster came into your unit when you weren't there and threw away everything you had in the fridge.
No contact information has been provided for the insurance company.
This makes me think, what other structural integrity issues this place has?
I do not feel safe living in this place.
In addition to the above, there are numerous other issues, the furniture is hard and uncomfortable.
The hallways smell of trash because they don't enforce proper trash disposal.
You will never be able to work with cox because you don't have access and aren't willing to help.
So if you have cable or internet problems, you are sol.
Also, the little windows that you have will now have restrictors.
This building is horrible.
I already know of 15 people who have contacted attorneys to represent them against this place.
There are probably more.
This is a warning.
Don't regret living in this place when it is too late and serious bodily injury occurs.
They ignore every request for repairs.
When we moved in, my bedroom was missing a desk chair.
It took 4 weeks and multiple requests to get one.
Our dryer broke and it took three weeks to get it repaired.
The garbage shoots are always jammed and overflowing into the hallways.
The elevators are constantly broken, so it can take 10 minutes to get an elevator when you need one.
We moved out on july 31, and still have not received our security deposit back yet.
It's been 6 weeks and every time i call, i'm told there is no manager on duty.
My emails go unreturned.
There are criminals running this building!
Staff was extremely courteous.
When i returned home i couldn't believe how amazing the place looked!!!
They are pet friendly and host a ton of fun events.
Had so much fun at game night, and all the other fun events hosted at the complex.
I renewed my lease and and excited for the next year!
Disappointed in this especially for what i'm paying per month.
The internet is the absolute worst.
You call the office and no one there can deal with it.
Pavlov is worst provider but the complex is too cheap to get someone better.
The amenities are also not that great.
The entire complex is over priced.
You can get a way better price on apartments that offer similar or better things for a way cheaper cost.
This place is not worth it.
I called friday and they were able to send someone monday at the time i wanted as well.
The lady that came was super friendly and did an awesome job.
She had me check everything and truly cared that it was to my expectation.
I am looking forward to setting up reoccurring services with them.
Please do not live here!
This place is terrible!
I currently live here.
I thought it would be nice since it was brand new.
This place has been nothing but problems.
The management is very rude and not helpful.
If you call for something to be fixed they will say ok and it will never get done.
I am writing this because i don't want anyone else to experience what my friends and i have.
If you don't believe me just go there and ask the residents how they feel about the place.
Mika came out and did an amazing job.
She went above and beyond.
Did a very detailed cleaning.
I was very happy with her work.
Now the thing that i do not like is that maintenance can enter your apartment whenever and without any warning.
So think about all of this before moving in!
I am capable of cleaning, answering doors, and following rules without breaking household items.
As a parent, i would highly not recommend blvd 1900.
The lack of privacy for teenage girls has been atrocious.
Security randomly walks into the apartments, as a group, not just 1 or 2.
They have knocked on locked bedroom doors, demanded to see the girls id's and video taped them while doing this.
Then interrogated them as to why a door was unlocked or open, etc.
The entire time video taping them.
And taking pictures of their id's.
So why is security going around checking doors to see if their unlocked.
So retaliation is the way to deal with this?
Next is the pest issues.
No matter how many times you request maintenance, the issue is still there.
They go into their apartment without notice.
Then when you request resolution for the issues, you get "they should be cleaner".
Seriously, ive been there several times and there are no reasons why they should have roaches.
Next is the lack of maintenance response.
They have a washer/dryer that has never worked and yet still hasn't been fixed and its been 9 months.
Next is the lack of security.
Security cameras that they tell us have not worked in 2 years.
When one of their cars is hit and pushed into a concrete wall because someone left the pool drunk.
Nothing they can do......
Next is the shots that were recently fired in their building.
No response, no explanation, nothing.
Police tape and blood on the walls.
And they don't understand why your child does not want to live there anymore.
No matter who you call, who you write to, no response.
Even the new ownership scion, doesn't respond to the concerns you have as a parent.
I would never recommend this place to anyone.
They don't care about privacy, security, safety or cleanliness.
They only respond when you owe money, maintenance expenses, or invading your privacy.
Resident from 06/2016 to 02/2017.
I was so happy i only had an 8 month contract.
This apartment complex is the worst i have ever lived in.
The apartment was in rough shape when we moved in.
The complex was plagued with plumbing issues.
The water would be shut off all day due to repair issues(this would happen monthly).
We consistently had issues with our upstairs neighbor blaring their subwoofer all night so we couldn't sleep.
When we called the security for this complex they would never do anything.
When we reported it to management they never were able to stop the resident from blaring his subwoofer.
When we first moved in paul in the front office said the walls were thick and sound proof.
After moving in we learned that was not true.
We could hear everything in the neighboring apartments.
We also would always find syringes laying around outside around the complex.
When we called the maintenance people to clean them up they never came.
If i could rate a zero on this place i would.
922 place has been accommodating and respectful to me and my roommates.
On the first day of move-in, they had a set of workers to help us out with giant bins.
Danielle has been incredibly nice to all of us!
Why there is no zero star!!!
I must rate this place zero star!
I love the staff here but not everything else!
Low speed + unstable.
Tried to take an online exam but internet down several times!
No cell phone signal in the room!
(can't even call 911!)
Huge party noise at 3:00 am!
High pricing compared to other better apartments!
What else can i say?
Do not live here please!
This place has been nothing but problems.
Myself and everyone i know who lives here hates it.
The management gets nothing done and is always very unhelpful.
This place is to expensive for how terrible they treat there residents.
If you don't believe me just go there and ask the residents how they feel about the place.
I'm not sure why anyone would give this place more than one star.
To be honest they probably work there.
This place does not care about its residents, they just want your money.
Do you love moving in to a nice, already dirtied-up living room?
Yeah, this place sucks.
I am telling you now- do not live here!!!
Get a housing exemption.
Vista del sol is a hot mess to say the least.
There are so many issues with the water system here.
The pipes leak at least once every month and the water has been shut off multiple times.
There was no explanation about what was going on or when they would be back to fix it.
Finally after begging our ca to send someone, he comes.
Yeah buddy, you're the one being inconvenienced here.
It's not worth it.
I'm miserable here and it's been the biggest mistake of my college career.
The real super stars of vegas!
They essentially made our relocation from northern ca to henderson possible!
If i could give 0 stars, i would.
They have "switched management" too many times to count.
Even after moving out i still have to deal with them.
I was supposed to be compensated for a security deposit.
They emailed me in august for a forwarding address.
Each time, they either ask for my forwarding address again, or they do not answer.
It is ridiculous and i would highly recommend not living there.
Location was great, but i'd rather pay more money at somewhere else than to deal with them again.
I will definitely recommend carole's service to my friends and will use their service in future .
Staff did a pretty good job in cleaning my house .
I came in here and visited serina an employee at the front desk.
She was way more positive and enjoyable than the previous guards i have encountered.
This woman needs a raise, and when she receives it i will be happy to give this establishment my money.
I lived there for three months....base rent was  $935.
With cam charges rent increased to over $1000:month.
Had to pay $10.00 monthly for parking stall  walls like card board.
Marlena was between a rock and hard spot.
Very pleasant but her hands were tied.
Please please avoid this rental.
Greystar has negative  publicity among apt mgmnts.
Great place to live.
Friendly staff, clean grounds and maintenance is quick to answer when maintenance issues.
Near stores yet far enough away from main roads.
Took a tour of the place.
Has great amenities, a very communal place.
Friendly and helpful staff.
They answered all of my questions.
Clean place, great neighborhood.
Dont do it, dont make my mistake!!
I kid you not.
The apartment was in the worst condition you could possibly imagine.
I brought this up to the office upon move in and they essentially said "deal with it, we don't care".
The security is useless and doesn't actually prevent anybody from entering the building who intends to.
Although they are great at harassing and deterring paying residents from entering their own home.
The halls reek of trash, and the steam room never has worked since i've lived here.
The single billiards table looks worse than you'd expect in a prison, and there's no sticks or balls for it.
The jumbotron, which shouldn't be called that anyhow, is never turned on.
Structurally unsound, as you've likely read in every other review thus far.
As if leaking ceilings weren't enough - every single elevator (in a 19 floor high rise building) is broken.
Residents are walking up and down 19 flights of stairs.
Do not live here.
The security guards need to be fired immediately and management needs to be replaced.
Last night at 2 in the morning several men came into the complex lobby with security guards on duty.
Luckily no one was raped, taken or killed.
Management is doing little to nothing about the situation.
Pure disgrace and violation of contract promising safety.
It's a massive housing complex for students.
The unit was extremely dirty on move in day and many maintenance things wrong.
Looks like the place was manhandled from years of abuse.
A window in one of the units is duct tape closed, leftover from the last tenants.
A month into the school year and it's still not fixed.
I'll be calling the tempe fire marshall if they don't address this soon.
Little to no parking for guests which is very inconvenient.
It's overpriced for what it is, but it's the convenience factor for students.
You won't need a car.
Get a bike or put on your sneakers and off you go.
All these negative reviews surprise me.
Also, every time i have submitted a maintenance request it has been fixed in a timely manner.
The location is great and the apartments are beautiful.
I renewed my lease for next year and am very happy i did so.
A little kindness and understanding goes a long way to get what you want from a very friendly staff.
That's common sense people!
This apartment taught me a valuable lesson, don't ever sign something without fully reading it.
Management was not friendly or courteous when i had a complaint.
I moved out in october & had to pay even though i was not technically living there.
Don't fall victim like i did.
This apartment is also closer to mesa and is not that close to asu.
The homeless are always outside of this complex.
I wouldn't waste money on a parking pass because they honestly don't even check.
The apartment complex was also not very insulated you could hear every foot step in the walk way outside.
I have lived here for a year now and have loved every day of it.
The property is extremely well kept and the office staff is nothing but amazing.
I wouldn't choose to live anywhere else.
From the moment i came in i have been treated with nothing but respect.
The office staff was extremely professional and very helpful.
When it comes to price for quality this is by far the best.
The quality far exceeds the price.
When i moved in everything looked brand new.
Floor to ceiling everything was what i expected and more.
First off when i moved in our apartment was filthy.
The floors were sticky from beer.
I put in a request to get our apartment clean and they did nothing.
Our bathroom fans didn't work for about two months.
We have an ac unit in our living room and one that goes to the bedrooms.
The steam room is always down.
On gameday you can only have 2 guests over even though we live right across the street.
And now, over the weekend a few floors flooded and i have not have had wifi for 3 days.
Imagine being a college student with no wifi.
Do not live here.
Listen to everyone warning you.
I pay so much money to have no wifi and everything to not work.
Worst decision ever and i regret living here.
I wasn't sure if i would be satisfied as i'm very picky when it comes to cleaning.
Ever since it's all about nickle and diming the residents here.
First there is a $5.00 fee for both parking and pest control, seriously just include it in the rent.
Then they decided that eveyone should be nickel and dimed for community power and trash.
Don't tack on tons of fees to keep your rent lower.
Then the maintenance at this property is sorely lacking in any decent response time.
However, it is now 12:50 am on a sunday morning and the gate is open.
Guess management believes business hours are 24/7.
I will start off by giving them 1 star and then an additional star for each elevator that works.
Hmm, no more stars.
Everything from the office staff, maintenance team, and amenities are amazing!
But i do want to take the time to highlight that the office staff goes above and beyond every day.
They are extremely accommodating and will help you with any situation you may face while living in the complex.
I would definitely recommend camden hayden to my family and friends!
A special thanks to tre and her team at the office for providing outstanding customer service.
Couldn't be happier with my experience at camden!
I love the service that is provided along with reasonable rates to fit my budget.
The staff is friendly and pleasant to be around.
They always do a processional job and go above and beyond.
I am very satisfied with their service and will continue using them for many years to come..
Not only was my cleaning coordinated efficiently and in a timely manner, sulema did a fantastic job.
The floors/bathroom were sparkling clean, and any and every little piece of unwanted trash was gone.
She even took clothes i had from the washer/dryer and had my closet completely reorganized.
Carole's house cleaning + sulema- you not only have a happy customer, but a customer for life!
Never used a house cleaning service before..
Boy was i impressed!
From booking my appointment, to the end of the job, the service was amazing!
I have used them multiple times and recommend them to anyone looking to get their house cleaning done right!
Since then, however, this building has lost all appeal to me.
Also, residents are often blamed for the actions of "guests" who somehow make it past security.
I came to find out later that there was not even security on that day.
Also, the security guards keep being replaced making it impossible for them to be effective.
What is the point of replacing the security guards that residents can actually trust?
I will not be renewing my lease and i would strongly advise against living here.
Remodeled club house, gym, study rooms, etc.
I read the agreement before that visit and knew he was lying in my face.
The manager spent almost 20 minutes reviewing the agreement with me present and couldn't find such statement either.
As of right now the "club house" is only open during office hours.
It is a month already and no communication on the matter yet.
I am not renewing for obvious reasons so i will not be able to enjoy this mentioned remodelations.
It shuts down periodically.
It actually went off twice while writing this review today.
If you are a student, do not take an exam home, it sounds crazy, but better safe than sorry.
2) cellphone connectivity is an issue and i never thought this could be a problem with verizon.
I once was having a phone interview and walking from the kitchen to my room the call got disconected.
I was lucky the recruiter called back and had to take the call in the patio.
3) the jaccuzi has been broken since move in and seems that it never gets cleaned.
You can smell urine in different parts of the complex and there are stains everywhere.
Make yourself a favor an lease somewhere else.
Highly satisfied with the price and service.
Easy to schedule and good communication throughout.
So relaxed now at home- it is spotless.
Blanca was great and curteous.
Good job pb bell, keep up the good work.
I really appreciate waiting in the office while you negotiate a car loan over the phone.
I have to tell you that customer service is very important in this day and age.
The service i have received is top notch.
We compromised for once a month lol.
My 3 year old boy was following her around and my wife apologized...
The cleaning professional said "its ok" she cleaned like a pro and entertained my boy at the same time.
My son is very pretentious.
Thank you so much!
I will continue to enjoy and recommend this service to all of my family, friends and associates.
Lived here for a couple of months now, overall good experience once everyone got moved in.
The main reason why i wrote this review is for the maintenance experience that i had.
He is always timely and nice and gets the job done.
He's a valuable member of the staff and is a hard worker.
The university house has been a great place to live.
You can't beat the location and the pool deck tanning beds and work out rooms are extremely nice.
Another instance; our washer and dryer broke and was fixed almost immediately.
There were times when it seemed everyone downstairs was lost and new to the job, but alexis was always there.
Doing her best to prepare them for the job while also doing her job at the same time.
I used to absolutely love these apartments, but the last four months have completely changed my perception of them.
Just a couple of examples...
The cleaners did just what was needed before my move out and gave good customer service as well.
This place gets the job done for the right price!
Giving this place one star is way too generous.
Here are my grievances about this pathetic place:  1.
Myself and others were blatantly lied to that there would be no construction.
Two weeks in, it starts every night, all night at midnight and goes until around 5pm.
Be prepared for constant loud hammering and drilling on a nightly basis.
Want a good night's sleep before an exam?
Better off crashing with a friend, or on the sidewalk for that matter.
The waits often take 10-15 minutes, and they randomly stop working at the worst possible times.
One saturday night, the night of a football game, all four elevators stopped working.
Have fun walking up to the 19th floor along with the rest of the residents.
Maintenance requests are constantly ignored.
On move in day, i requested to have the lock on my bathroom door fixed.
It is now november and nothing has been done.
Similarly, a month ago they decided to lock all of our windows so that we could barely open them.
Everyone i know who lives here, absolutely hates it.
I'm sort of wishing i did so.
I enjoy living at boulevard 1900!
The units are so spacious and each room has its own bathroom.
The internet connection is perfect in my unit.
Other than that this place is great!
Moved here this year from on-campus and could't be happier.
Maintenance is amazing, they fixed all our move-in problems in one day.
There is an awesome pool area with sand volleyball court and a nice gym.
The rooms are cool and the views from the balcony are so nice.
When i first toured the place the model room was clean and inviting.
However in august when we first moved in our apartment was disgusting.
There was pet hair everywhere and everything was dusty.
Our couches were torn, our stovetop coils were broken, and our washing machine would not stop rattling.
Thankfully they replaced the washing machine door and the coils but did nothing about the couches.
Parking is another issue.
Only move here if you have nowhere else to go because you will regret it and the lease is airtight.
The most disgusting apartment in urbana-champaign.
They overcharge tenants after the move-out.
It is neither a market price, nor a reasonable price.
I would pay whatever they charge me as long as they can provide the receipt of fixing the "damages."
But now they simply tell you the balance, and ask you to contact them if there is any questions.
When we moved in here, no one told us about it.
Then how can they require us to do it?
This place is trash!
If you enjoy living in a trash can this is the place for you!
Leasing management is a joke, probably struggled graduating high school!
I've had three break ins in a total of 2 months, did they do shit?
Of course not because they are too busy eating fucking sals and playing childish board games in the office!
This might as well be a halfway house, i would have had a better experience living in a car...
If anyone is thinking of living here, you're better off at the homeless shelter off university for hours look online!
Much love you won't be missed 922 #613
Be aware   this used to be a nice place to live.
I've even lived in this complex more then once.
My husband and i moved in 2 years ago when it was under old management.
But in the last year since this place has been taken over by greystar it has just been a nightmare.
It was so bad that i was getting headaches and we had to go stay with my mom.
This is not how we were wanting to spend our honeymoon.
And they agreed and said they will make note of our official move out date and apologized for everything.
This is my daughter's 2nd year @ uh and while there have been some small issues.
I can't say enough about the management team.
The students and management have a responsibility in keeping the facility clean and should help each other.
I have never had a email that went unanswered or a concern that was not eventually resolved.
Thanks again to management (t.f.
If no one else noticed the improvement, i have .... keep up the good work, it's all a process !!
The apartments here seem to be pretty high quality, heavy cabinets, nice appliances, and granite countertops.
The common areas and pool are very nice, though the gym is basic at best.
Overall nice place, i would never live here though.
I like very much the apt layout and vinyl flooring.
I am a senior rented a one bdrm apt.
I was told by a friend prior to my move 3 weeks ago, beware of  greystar.
Had a dear friend living in a gs property for over 10 years but he could not afford to move.
He had numerous problems, i know, as i visited frequently.
I now have 3 persons and dog living above.
Complained re late night noise 11pm - 3 am noise.
I should have taken the advice.
Paying for parking $10 and pest control $5 each month is ludicrous.
I have called office numerous times and get recording 80 percent of the time.
Maintenance men are pleasant but not 100 percent.
Weatherstripping which is a light weight sponge stuck on door came right off.
An inexpensive quick fix.
I don't know what to do!!!!
Would like to get out of here!!
The complex grounds are always clean due to their amazing maintenance team.
Service requests are always finished quickly as well.
Also, everyone in the office is very friendly and i enjoy visiting for a quick chat when grabbing coffee.
If you're looking for a modern, quiet place to live, camden hayden is my recommendation.
Make sure to say hi to jalisa, robby, & rudy !
Great place to live, currently came under new management.
The staff in the leasing office are great.
Nice gym, pools, clubhouse and rooftop lounge with grills on rooftop and at the pool.
Covered parking is great for tempe heat.
Lost cost great for students with asu 3 stops on the light rail away
I juat moved into my aparyment and love it.
It is in a good location.
It also has good customer service.
The pool area is nice during the hotter days because a lot of people are chilling down there and relaxing.
Downfall is things break in the apartment but you can call maintenance and they come within a day or two.
Had my hot water turned off for a week though because of water heater problems.
I moved into rrm with my boyfriend about three months ago, and so far, we're very happy!
As far as the complex itself goes, i would say it's very nice for central/western mesa.
The grass is kept up on and green and the shrubbery is very nice as well.
Just a lovely outdoor ambiance and fairly quiet.
Overall, i think they're pretty nice apartments and a great place to start out.
Staff is amazing, the complex is nice, and the apartments are good, too.
This place is simply dishonest!
I would never allow my child or anyone else i cared about to rent here.
My college age daughter was moving out on her own for the first time.
I suppose it's only a coincidence, that these additional 2 months got the complex through their slow summer season.
We were told that they don't do this.
They have to many apartments to do this with every resident.
The managers will get together at their convenience and let us know the condition with her final statement.
I have had two daughters live here on separate occasions.
Both management teams were terribly inefficient and unorganized.
Trash, visualize piles and piles of stinky trash, lined the hallways during the summer months.
Not the only time my family has encountered disgusting living conditions when visiting our kids.
We have seen lots of urine, vomit and more trash in the elevators and hallways over the past couple years.
Not to mention the times i have been woken up to someone screaming in the early morning hours.
The last time, some guy was throwing a girl against a wall at 2am.
We had tempe police knocking on our door a half an hour later to ask what we saw and heard.
My second daughter moved out halfway through the school year.
Leasing staff often did not show her apartment even though we paid for the priority status.
We later found out that there were only 5 female only rooms on that list.
There was really no need to pay the extra fees.
Our daughter's room was not on the list.
Also, the turnover rate with the leasing staff is constant for both managers and agents.
It is truly surprising that the state housing department has not fined or sued this company.
Wow lupe was amazing-  she cleaned and did such an amazing job today.
I also referred her to my friend in north phoenix and she tyoo was very happy.
Lupe you are awesome
Takes advantage with a sly smile.
Would never recommend this company/bldg to anyone.
But no, it is that bad.
This apartment complex has 1.5/5 stars for a reason.
They are around the same price and i promise you will have a much better experience.
Let's start with the biggest issue this place has especially considering it is geared towards students.
The internet does not work, as other reviews can attest.
That's the worst when you're mid sesh and then the internet goes out!
But it's been almost a year and still nothing.
I think i'm starting to notice a pattern.
The next major issue for me during my year long stint at this complex was security.
They claim they are there for our safety, but i feel pretty safe already idk what i need protection from.
They are just there to bust parties.
So why am i being charged for this?
So i am currently out $287 that i shouldn't be.
So if you do live here expect around $300 worth of charges upon move out.
Those were my biggest issues, but now let's touch on some things i read in other reviews.
Yes, maintenance can enter your room at any time.
Yes, there are lots homeless people digging through the dumpsters but hey that's downtown tempe for ya, gotta love it.
That problem should actually go away because now they have a trash compactor instead of dumpsters.
True gates are rarely locked and even if they are people prop them open.
Remotes for the tvs rarely work.
That's an obscure one.
Yes, they do quarterly inspections idk what to say about that.
And the move in/out process could be improved.
They have carts that they could allow residents to use, but don't for some reason.
They probably enjoy watching you carry your shit everywhere in the hot sun instead of using a cart.
Yes, they have recently made the payment process more difficult with a $14.50 "convenience fee".
Oh and here's a fun one, yes shots were fired on the property a few months ago.
I knew the guy, good kid.
Let's acknowledge the only positive review.
A 4-star review from david s. "great place to live, currently came under new management."
David has just confused the word 'currently' with 'recently'.
Can you trust someone who doesn't know how to properly use the word 'currently'?
No, that is all.
If you're thinking hey this guys biased, he didn't talk about any pros!
Calm down that's not the case, i didn't talk about any pros because there are none.
Please do yourself a favor and do not live here.
Also here is a quick yelp review of yelp.
Why are some reviews "not recommended"?
I believe all reviews should be treated equal.
It makes no sense  i hope you found this review helpful because i spent almost an hour writing it.
Sincerely,  a former and unhappy resident  p.s.
Sorry for how long it is i tend to drag on.
I have lived at villa montana since oct 2010 and i have loved every day i have lived here.
The complex is always immaculate.
Which means i forgive our landscapers for leaf blowing at exactly 9:01am every day.
The apartments themselves are very cozy and inviting and pretty sound proof.
The neighbors are great everyone is really friendly and summertime around the pool is great.
The girls in the leasing office really care about the residents and are very fair.
I highly recommend living here for singles or small families.
Management has always been there to help with my needs and any problems i had.
I would definitely suggest this complex to anyone looking for a nice place.
They did a great job!
We had some really dirty tile floors and bathrooms and they were left sparkling!
Overall a great experience!
Absolutely a horrible place to live.
Moving out was hell.
They have no system and tell you little to nothing that's going on.
Moving in was an interesting process.
They would be better off if they did in more day than one.
Also i paid for 15 days that i never even was there.
And they make you turn in your key before your lease is even over.
My review still definitely stands.
A pathetic excuse for a living place.
My boyfriend and i recently moved here from los angeles.
Because of work, we did not have a lot of time to look for a place.
After finding a home with housing helpers, they were able to speed up the application process.
Working with ashlan has been absolutely stress free.
Lease signing and everything else we need to do was done electronically!
In addition, the staff are so flexible and patient.
On top of that, we had to drive 6 hours while towing a car behind us.
Keep in mind, the office closed at 5 pm and we did not arrive until 9 pm!
Which was 2 times the rent (~700)!
You can definitely find a better place with about the same price and they are more reliable!
I needed someone asap and carole's met my need immediately.
Was thrilled with thorough and excellent cleaning.
Plus it was my daughters apartment so it took extra effort...  which i received.
I'm sure they handle larger projects also.
Fair prices, great service!!
I heartily recommend sean and his staff!
I've lived here for over 3 years and have loved almost every day.
In every category the residences' excels: the staff is kind, helpful, and super responsive.
The grounds and complex are immaculate -- everything is spotless and feels new.
The units are beautiful, high quality, and in fantastic condition (like new).
In so many ways i truly feel pampered as a resident living here.
I feel it's the best place to live in phoenix.
I forget i have neighbors unless i run into someone in the hall or by the pool.
Thank you to the amazing people that make home so wonderful.
It seems effortless but i imagine it is a lot of work to be so truly excellent in property management.
We used carole's home cleaning to clean our home that we just bought.
We were beyond impressed with the quality of their work.
The home definitely needed some love and this company came in and really made the home look brand new again!
I definitely plan to use this company again and highly recommend them!
Tina and ann are wonderful and i've loved living here for the past 15 months!
I love the building, amenities, and location.
I would highly recommend living here:)
There was over 20 fans and 3 humidifiers inside my apartment!
My apartment is still damaged and i told them i will not be resigning until it's fixed.
My room is now given away to someone and our apartment is still currently damaged.
This happened back in december, it's now august.... not worth $800+
I guess the lease means nothing to them.
Drug dealers in front of my apartment daily.
Can't get anything fixed.
This place is by far the biggest scam and dump i've ever seen for over a grand per month!!!!!!!
Find a box on the street.
Really surprised to read these negative reviews.
This place is 5 stars through and through.
I have lived at several luxury apartment homes in tempe and this is my favorite to date.
Stunning property , spacious apartments and they include a garage.
Management actually gives a shit about your experience and they work hard to make sure you are satisfied.
Maintenance is the bomb!
They are always super efficient.
Pool and amenities are always spic and span.
Ive been here for 11 months and when my lease is up i will continue at camden properties.
Referral fee could be more reasonable, i think $100 is way too low but other than that this place rocks!
The real super stars of vegas!
They essentially made our relocation from northern ca to henderson possible!
If you're looking for a an apartment that's pretty much a glorified dorm this place is for you.
Its horribley kept up, overpriced as hell, and has awful management.
The damn apartments look more like offices than they do someplace you would live.
Don't give this company your money is basically what i'm getting across.
Lupe did a fantastic job, and they were prompt and professional.
Also very flexible with times and we got a good price!
Will be using them again.
These guys have been an amazing life saver and work tirelessly every shift to keep the complex running.
It'll truly be a shame to see some of them move on to better positions elsewhere.
Ever since the new management company took over it's just gone downhill.
There is no communication from either the management company (pb bell) nor from the office staff.
It looks like it's time for me to move also ....
I've stayed at boulevard 1900 for two years now back when it was called the domain.
The front office staff are friendly and quick to solve any issues that arise.
Always professional and they remember the names of the residents as well which is a plus.
Maintenance staff are always helpful are respectful as well.
Emergency maintenance is available as well, which is nice.
Having my own private bathroom/room for an affordable price is fantastic.
I went from a four-person suite with one bathroom dorm at asu from an actual upgrade.
From sharing two washer/dryers with an entire floor to having one in unit changes the game.
Internet is decent (pavlov media is the provider) but works the best when you bring your own router.
Cable has a nice variety of channels as well.
There's even a storage closet.
As for the apartment itself, room layout will vary, my room is a good size and fits me well.
All furniture in the apartment is included which is a definite plus!
Pool is well maintained and has a small sand area which is unique.
There's a game room, tanning beds, a small computer center, small gym, and even a rooftop lounge.
That's a lot for the price!
Residents are all college students so it's as expected--parties during the weekends but usually things are quiet during the weekdays.
On that note, the security that are around at night are needed to mitigate situations, they take their jobs seriously...
But overall a great place to live!
I called up carole's house cleaning and shawn was very accommodating to my last minute request.
They did a very thorough job.
She even found a check that was hidden underneath the fridge!!!!
Now that's a true and honest company!
Everything smelled cleaned and fresh again!
We should be getting our security deposit back for sure!
I will be using them again for my future home cleaning.
Also, i believe customer service is #1 priority for businesses to become successfull.
They definitely have the customer service!
Lived here for 4 years and we love it!
No bugs no critters, maintenance is always very responsive.
Rent goes up a little high but it's worth the service
Can any current residents let me know what it's like living here?
Considering this place for the fall
They are so bad.
You can never cancel the lease.
Also when you leave, they will charge a lot for many unreasonable damage fee.
The manager is very mean.
I tried other offices and couldnt ever get anyone to call me back.
Don and susan are fabulous!!!
They were friendly, professional and helpful.
I'm in my new place and the landlord is great.
So glad i found these guys.
After the vista sureno apartment complex (located on 48th and warner) changed management everything went downhill.
First off i'll discuss my biggest qualm, management.
They will come and go in and out of your apartment as they please.
They will send out flyers with incorrect dates, if sending them out at all.
Management (paul) called us literally yelling at us to move our car.
Calling me a liar when i told him we never got a notice.
Told me i must've misplaced it.
After that there was no where to park for three days (management told me it would only take 24 hours).
Management told me to just park across the street, inconsiderate to the fact i pay for a parking spot.
I was told by rosa renovations would only take one month.
During this time trash has overflowed in the dumpsters leaving an awful sight and smell.
I guess management didn't think it necessary to increase the number of days trash gets picked up.
Also the workers leave the place filthy, leaving old t-shirts and ladders around.
The complex is also covered in trash and feces.
One lasted so long all of our refrigerated food went bad...recently the front door had to be replaced.
Management said there had to be tenants home during this process.
So my roommates took time off of work and the door replacement company never showed up.
My roommates eventually went to work.
My roommates sat on the porch with all their groceries and melted ice.
After the door was replaced the apartments notified us the door needed to be painted.
We never got a response.
Our issue with the door being painted was the process.
The door would need to be painted then left open for three hours.
Our air conditioning bill was already ridiculously high (costing us almost seven dollars per day ac @ 77 degrees.)
Rosa admittedly saying there was nothing they could do about the poor insulation.
In the end, they still painted.
She has attitude and does not care about your issues.
We are being charged above our $200 deposit.
My roommates and i did not do anything to the walls besides put up pictures which is normal apartment living.
Reason being is because of the dog hair.
I vacuumed 2-3 times per week and my dog never once eliminated on the carpet.
So unless you have a hairless pet i would not consider this to be a "pet friendly" complex.
Unless you are okay with being charged a full carpet replacement.
Last contact we have had is with rosa a few days ago.
Rosa argued for almost an hour on the phone with my and there was no resolution.
Rosa gave us the number to her manager jennifer and we have yet gotten a response.
I called carole's house cleaning and they were able to come out the next day.
They did a amazing job.
The cleaner was thorough, detailed, and professional.
I will definitely use them again.
Not worth the price.
Where do i begin... when i first moved in, i knew right away the whole "roommate pairing" was bs.
I mean how can you expect for them to "match personalities" of everyone who lives here in the first place.
The place is decent.
The walls and fan were filled with dust & the bathtub was filthy.
I cleaned the whole place with bleach just to be safe.
They supply you with a mattress which is similar to the ones you get in a dorm, uncomfortable, and small.
They gave me such a problem about it, telling me i would have to pay for a storage unit?
Finally they came and took it away after sitting in my hall way for two months.
The kitchen is extremely small and cheap.
My stove top is filthy and almost impossible to clean.
The microwave was cracked so management put duct tape over it to cover it up.
The fridge is spacious, but was also dirty upon arrival.
The counter top is extremely cheap and peels easily.
The dishwasher does 1/2 a job and garbage disposal was often breaking.
Laundry room (closet) was decent.
You can't fit a queen comforter in the wash or dryer but it is pretty decent.
Living room: floors are cheap.
The couches are a sad excuse.
Easily torn, maintenance replaced once after multiple complaints, then they stopped replacing them.
Dirty equipment and above the study room?
Study room: never in use, maybe because it's underneath a gym.
Management: james is amazing.
Always helpful and kind.
Security: come and go, pretty safe place to live.
Maintenance: fast response rate.
Got the job done the first time.
Overall, i'm very unsatisfied with my experience here.
For my first apartment, it really made me have trust issues and doubts.
The good thing was that the $700/ a month i pay went towards wifi/heat/cable.
Their website pictures are not accurate what so ever.
I wish they were a better company.
This place is ran by 18 year olds that dont know what they are doing.
When there is a problem all they do is hand you a business card with an email to reach manager.
You're lucky if you hear back from them.
I read reviews just like mine before i moved in and ignored them.
Do not ignore this post it is as bad as it sounds.
I like very much the apt layout and vinyl flooring.
I am a senior rented a one bdrm apt.
I was told by a friend prior to my move 3 weeks ago, beware of  greystar.
Had a dear friend living in a gs property for over 10 years but he could not afford to move.
He had numerous problems, i know, as i visited frequently.
I now have 3 persons and dog living above.
Complained re late night noise 11pm - 3 am noise.
I should have taken the advice.
Paying for parking $10 and pest control $5 each month is ludicrous.
I have called office numerous times and get recording 80 percent of the time.
Maintenance men are pleasant but not 100 percent.
Weatherstripping which is a light weight sponge stuck on door came right off.
An inexpensive quick fix.
I don't know what to do!!!!
Would like to get out of here!!!
01/05/2017 mgmt i think realizes what i have been through and is letting me out of my lease.
I so appreciate marlena's effort.
This complex has great potential if they would adhere to the rules in place.
My problem with the large dog above me has been taken of thanks to marlena, apt mgr.
Christian was at my house early, and we talked for a few minutes so she knew my expectations.
She spent the full time cleaning everything, down to baseboards, all completed to my very high standards!
I have signed up for continued biweekly service and think they did a great job!
Great price, great work.
Carole's house cleaning is fantastic.
They do a thorough job in everything they do at a very affordable price.
I can't recommend anyone better for house cleaning from top to bottom.
The owner is very friendly and personable as well as precise on the estimates.
Looking forward to continuing a business relationship with them.
This place is so awful.
They do not clean the community areas ever!!
The pool was so gross and tiny.
I never swam in there once because it is so uninviting.
People constantly would park in my assigned parking and the office never  ever helped me.
Also the office manager paul is so condescending and rude everytime i try to talk to him.
There was no positive customer service at all.
The maintenance was bad too.
They would close put requests online and never even come to check on the issue.
Lastly, when we moved out they stuck us with $550 in charges that were unnecessary.
Like i left a poster on the wall and they charged $50 to remove it.
I do not recommend living here.
I love this place !
I recommend any asu students to live here.
Such a convenient area and super nice staff.
They get it done right away.
They communicate best by email but they really do contact you fast and give you all updates.
In my 4 years of college, this is by far my favorite place to live.
Plus all utilities are included.
Carole's house cleaning was available and there when we needed them.
When you need a quick turn around i would call them again!
My husband gets bit up within 2 minutes of sitting on our porch.
It's disgusting and a serious problem.
I have yet to have a day without a bug inside my apartment.
Ive found trails of ants that lead under the fridge and inside the cupboards.
And stray cats come out at night, thanks to the other residence leaving food out for them.
Everyone at the front desk has no idea what they're doing.
And remember the people in the office are the ones who handle your money.
I've been here about 4 months now and have had endless problems.
It's often that i am forced to call minimum of 10 times to get anyone to answer.
They have charged me random fees and are extremely disorganized.
Not to mention they don't hesitate to begin eviction, i've seen plenty eviction notices on doors here.
More than i've ever seen in my past 5 years of apartment living.
Don't be fooled by the quiet afternoons here, it's also extremely loud in the morning and late into the night.
Majority of the people here are very rude and disrespectful.
The walls are very thin.
I don't recommend this apartment complex for anyone, especially anyone with pets or kids.
Do not live here listen to me.
Maintenance shows up at 7 in the morning and walks into your apartment if you don't answer the door.
Also when they do walk in, they bang on your bedroom door until you wake up.
People that work in the front office (the managers not the front desk workers) are rude.
Ceiling fan fell out of the ceiling and almost killed me.
The fan didn't get fixed until march and it fell in september.
Elevators break all the time.
A kid got stuck in the elevator for a long time.
Often have to take the stairs from the 16th floor in phase 2 because there is only one working elevator.
Just don't live here, you're not missing out on anything.
The ceiling fan in the living room was also fixed.
Elevator has also been fixed but will likely break again soon.
I cannot blame them for the the slow fixings of the elevators because they hire others to do that.
I do wish they would make taking care of their residents a priority.
Update: but like if anyone wants to move into my 4bed 3bath master let me know.
It has flooded my apartment three times and no one has bothered to fix it.
My air conditioning is consistently broken, i don't have a key that locks my door.
At this point i've given up on the maintenance of the building.
They don't care and neither does the front office.
They never showed up.
I have asked for the front office to fix my key 4 times and it still doesn't work.
Everything is broken and i'm waiting for my fan to fall again.
If my ceiling fan falls again im suing.
I'm done with university house.
Also, the elevators are consistently down which i believe i mentioned in my initial review.
I live on the 16th floor.
They just don't care about their residents unless they work in the office or at the desk.
Can i leave less than one star?
This place is so horrible.
I am a landlord myself and i treat my residents with respect and honesty.
This place is run so poorly it's disgusting.
I rented a studio for my daughter and the apartment was put in my name.
They told me it was 1.5 years away.
I had only signed a 1 year lease so that wasn't possible.
I was shocked and called my daughter.
I read the emails.
They were threatening and any 18 year old might feel compelled to sign.
I was so angry i reported them to the attorney general.
They take advantage of freshman, or young adult, residents and that is wrong.
The reasons my daughter wanted to move out were plentiful.
We reported this to management and they assured us the person who did it had been fired.
Yet, a week later he was still working there - with access and keys to my daughters unit.
I told them to never let him in her apartment again.
I used to send my daughter lots of mail there but things kept going missing.
I think they had an employee stealing mail.
My daughter would go in to get her mail and someone from the management crew called her a "b".
Again, i called the manager to report this.
She was so rude and said they knew who did it, but could do nothing about it.
It's like the patients running the asylum.
My advise, do not live there.
I hope this helps you.
I am coming to the end of my lease here and move out on the 31st.
They are all students too, remember my name and are always friendly and ready to help out.
The location is also perfect!
I also think the pool and amenities are very nice for a college apartment.
Also, the handy man who comes to do all maintenance requests is so kind and always willing to help.
With that being said, on to the bad.
I read a review earlier about sick building syndrome and i'd have to agree that it perfectly describes university house.
The air quality is horrible.
Also, the apartments are not properly fixed/cleaned in between residents.
Elevators are constantly breaking down, my roommate even got stuck in one for hours when it broke down.
They said we had water damage from the flood and cut open a chunk of our wall.
The open wall was then covered with a tarp a week later and wasn't fixed for a month.
The company university house hired to fix the water damage also was caught stealing from residents.
When we reported it to hub security, they said it was our fault for having our door unlocked.
Isn't it their job to not allow strange men wandering the building trying to get into apartments?
Overall i would not live here again.
Great and cost effective cleaning service.
I would also recommend using their carpet cleaning service too.
All the kitchen appliances were cleaned well.
Best place i've ever lived at from chill to management amazing college life.
It's simple really...if you take your education or money the slight bit seriously just forget this place.
Noise all the time.
If i could give this place "no stars" or even negative i would.
They promote peace of mind for parents when their children live in vista del sol.
Couldn't be farther from the truth.
She had to go to the on campus health center and is now on 4 medications.
The girl who i was talking to this morning was rude and definitely needs to revisit customer training.
Then tonight when i called and asked for an update they put me on hold and then disconnected me.
So i call back and they say she left for the evening.
Run as fast as you can there are far better choices.
Gee i wonder if this has anything to do with the bed bug infestation problem now?
So where do i begin.
I live on the first floor of e building.
I have had to have my apartments sprayed for ants 5 times.
My a/c has broken 3 times.
I had a water leak in my kitchen sink.
My shower didn't get hot water for 2 months.
Bugs crawls under doors and the complex it self smells like shit 99.9% of the time.
I don't mind the parting noise but there is a lot of it.
Maintenance is staffed by college students that do not know what they are even doing half of the time.
And appliences such as dishwasher and the washer/dryer are outdated and old.
Staff is non helpful and simply rude when you have a problem.
I do not get any service in my apartment and internet sucks.
Also you do not get a guide on the television so that sucks also.
So take my review as a warning.
If you are looking to rent here.. make sure you get in either building a or b.
Otherwise you'll hate this place.
If you can.. do not live here!
Good apartment until you move out: it was great when managed by pb bell.
Then in 2015 new management (westwood) came in it started going downhill.
The parking lots and walkways weren't regularly cleaned, leaves weren't blown in the winter time as much.
On top of that the office staff was not as friendly as the previous staff, but that isn't the kicker.
Dont live here  if you're reading this, you are thinking about it.
Believe me when i say...dont live here
Just moved in a couple of weeks ago and i love it here so far.
It's very quiet and relaxing and the office staff are great!
So far all of our maintenance requests have been fixed in a timely manner.
No complaints so far outside of a few obnoxious kids, but that's to be expected.
Hahahahaha vista del sol just sent me a bill for $10.93 for an electric bill 3 years ago.
I think that says enough, plus look at the other reviews.
I've lived here for over a year and it's been very pleasant.
The office staff is super friendly and efficient.
If i've had a problem it's been resolved quickly.
Great location to stores, restaurants and other amenities.
My only "problem" would be that i didn't take an upstairs unit.
So try to get an upstairs unit.
And remember it's a community and other people live here too besides you.
I lived here for almost two years.
The new management took over in january.
They are not helpful.
The water gets shut off without notice.
They have termites and do not treat the problem fully.
The rent went up $300 once they took over.
They started painting and it took 3 months to finish.
They left a mess everywhere during the construction phase.
When i moved out they charged me more than my security deposit.
I would definitely not recommend this place.
Vista del sol: the concentration camp your history books never told you about.
If you decide to live here, you will be astounded by how explicitly they couldn't care less about you.
The price of this place is absolutely unreasonable.
They don't actually have any control over helping you.
All they say is "we'll put your name down for a work order and get to you when we can."
There is absolutely no sense of urgency with this place.
Which i'm sure management told them to say that to deflect anybody from talking to them personally.
I hear there's a homeless man on mill leasing out his box... go to him before here.
Westwood just took over.
Since they took over it seems like they have no idea what they are doing.
No organization what so ever!!
I have received a notice about an emergency hot water leak which gave 15 hours notice to enter the apartment.
That is not what the letter said.
Secondly, i currently live in a 1 bedroom apartment and have one toilet.
They are closed on sundays when my only toilet was not working.
I called the number for the office which never directed me to the emergency maintenance line.
I left two messages as well as emailed twice to get someone out immediately since i had company coming.
As long as the office is open they fixed this issue within the hour.
If you have an emergency anytime the office is closed don't count on getting any assistance from them.
Thirdly, i received an email on christmas eve regarding a package that had arrived.
They took time to create a pdf attach it to an email and send to me.
No package there for me.
Not to mention the lady in the office with long dark hair was extremely rude.
I said hello to her and she rolled her eyes at me and turned away.
I could not believe it.
She has always been pleasant and helpful everyone else i don't know why they work there.
Based on what i have seen so far i would not suggest it.
I have been living and vista sureno for over a year now.
If i could give them 0 stars i would.
My first experience with this cleaning company was beyond wonderful!
He even called to follow up with us after she had left!
We had mika clean our home.
I did not expect the cleaning to include all that she did!!
She not only cleaned every inch of our home, but she even reorganized any clusters that were throughout our home!
My makeup vanity was even completely cleaned and organized!
We own a kitten and dog.
She cleaned the litter area and put the litter box back together.
Its the little things that really stood out.
I will definitely be using carole's house cleaning monthly and will specifically be requesting mika every time.
Thank you so much for the great finish in such a timely manner mika!
Other than my upstairs neighbors being a little too noisy for my liking, i have no complaints so far..
I've been here for 2 months.
The location of the property is amazing and the apartments are super modern.
The people that work in the front desk of the leasing office are usually all students and are extremely friendly!
The apartments are beautiful with just as amazing common areas.
The heated pool is one my favorite amenities and the staff is super friendly.
Tre, moet, nate and quendra are all super cool and always there to help.
Personally, i would never recommend any of my friend live there.
It was like a terrible mass!
They are really over-rented and out of hand.
Once you paid your rent, their mission is done.
This is one of the worst places i've ever lived at, and for reference, i've lived in army barracks.
Pro: the student staff and maintenance staff are awesomely friendly and do their best with what they have.
You had all winter break folks.
Dog poop - the courtyards are continually littered with dog poop and an occasional stairwell might have one too.
The clubhouse - what a fiasco.
Anybody coming in to get a tour will see the only truly nice building in the complex.
The internet - high speed my ass.
Cockroaches are extremely common in the courtyards and if you're on the first floor, good luck.
The apartments aren't remotely luxurious and there is absolutely no soundproofing between rooms.
The dog policy = $600, switching apartments = $200 regardless of what the issue is.
I could go on and on ad nauseam but i'll stop here.
Best of luck if you decide to move here!
Nice location really close to the campus.
Camden hayden is just so beautiful!
Moet has been an absolute pleasure to work with and always greets me with a warm smile!
Quendra is so personable and albert is just incredible at fixing any problems.
If you are looking to lease in tempe, check out camden hayden for sure- you will not be disappointed!
Hands down best home cleaning service i've ever used very professional.
They handle everything with care i will be looking forward to their next visit
This place is not worth the money do not rent here!
For an extra hundred dollars or less you can live somewhere nicer like west 6th.
They do not keep up with arizonas law requiring security deposits to be given back within 14 days.
Their porters don't clean well on weekends and the elevators and hallways are always completely trashed.
First time using this company, and they sent tammy out for a deep-clean.
She did a fantastic job and now we want to have her back on a regular basis!
This place is worse than hell.
First off, when i moved in, it was dirty and damaged.
It took an entire year for the "maintenance" crew to come fix everything.
The location is convenient but that is the only compliment i have to give this place.
Drunken freshman roam the halls and people have no consideration for the residents.
I've never been so disgusted with  a complex and management in my life.
I highly recommend that you do not live here.
This place is terrible.
I personally didn't live here but my girlfriend did.
When she moved in the garbage disposal didn't work and the sink backed up.
There is no guest parking without jumping through 47 hoops.
Can't park during certain times.
If you park there they will tow you within an hour with a tow company that is 10 miles away.
When you come in they are always playing on their phones.
I would never live here.
I honestly have no idea what the bad reviews are about.
From my very first phone call to haley i was impressed with this complex.
Upon move in the unit i was promised was ready.
Was it perfect, no but i wanted an immediate move in so that's on me.
I literally have no complaints.
I would move here again if given a do over.
Hello i don't like making bad reviews but this is an exception.
This is one of worst place i have ever experienced.
I have had packages come through the mail, gone missing and stolen.
Here's another example: another package that was from jcpenny was sent to my boyfriend and i this past christmas.
It had gifts from family members from his home town, and it was for sure stolen.
On another note, i don't recommended you moving here.
We received so many "inspections" that the front office has to check, it's unbelievable.
They don't respect your privacy, point blank.
The elevators are always out of service.
We will not be resigning after years of this mess.
We are actually looking at @the union.
They are pet friendly and seem to be more organize from what we've seen.
I wanted to send feedback for anyone who is used to paying with e-checks online for rent.
But management assured me there is no fee for paying in person.
I just had christina clean my house and she was outstanding!
Such a sweet girl too.
I had been wanting to get a house cleaner for some time, i wish i had done this sooner.
They are very affordable, i will be scheduling regular service and can't wait to free up my weekends!
This place is ideal for any college student.
Great people around you.
Convenient walk to class.
Great facilities, many free services.
Yes, the complex was an absolute riot the first year it opened but has settled down greatly.
Again, great spot to live.
Upstairs clan of noisy neighbors just moved out this week... life is good at reflections at red mountain now!
It was love at first tour.
For good measure i checked  numerous comps.
- maintenance requests completed at ninja status- nathan, you're amazing thank you!
-incredible amenities- pool, office center, game areas, five million bbqs.
- phenomenal location  overall, super recommend.
Apartments aren't cleaned in-between residents.
Overall a terrible living experience to the point that i moved out two months early!!
Don't make the mistake of living here biggest regret of my time at asu.
This one but far was the worst experience we ever had.
They don't have enough people to manage the property.
No wait, it looks like they fixed but now they had a trap door on the ceiling.
Oh, okay, no more water is dripping, so we are good.
For their surprise there was a circle k cup collecting the leak water and mold was everywhere.
This a beautiful complex, staff is friendly but i have not enjoyed my time here.
The front gate never works, theirs a huge pest issue.
I've had ants, spiders, mining bees and lizards make their way into my apartment.
It's over priced and not worth it for these issues.
Managment sucks, the security people are useless, maintenance people suck.
The cell service sucks, the buildings are extremely loud because there are people partying constantly.
Just moved in 2 months ago.
Very nice, new, apartments.
What sets it apart from other apartment complexes in the area is the staff.
They have super helpful and accommodating.
The gym is nice, the pool is great.
I'm excited to try out their common area for this football season.
Moved into montage about a year ago and rented with bill.
He is always so friendly and makes sure we are taken care of.
Most places forget you're there once you have moved in but that is far from the case here.
They know me and my family by first name and even my pets!
The price is great for the area and tons of great restaurants to choose from nearby.
Please, folks...stay with me through this.
Read this entire entry!
Ohhh yes yes, almost none of the "key entry" doors work and our security guards are unarmed and never around.
The staff is a complete and utter waste of time.
The hidden fees, the disgusting upkeep, the insect issues, maintenance issues due to outdated appliances and pipes, it's a catastrophe.
If you don't read any other review, read mine...students, the hidden fees alone aren't worth it, parents.
This property is not safe nor desirable.
Pay the extra 100 bucks to send your student somewhere worth it.
Look at it like this...
Best of luck to you all!
Do not live here.
I will be leaving at the end of my lease if not sooner.
In oct. we were told they are no longer accepting packages for residents at the office.
Ok fine but they did not make sure that the larger mailboxes were set up to hold our packages.
When asked we were told that the post office lost the key and it has to be rekeyed.
A 2 hour process as of yesterday.
Dog poop every where, dog park is a joke it is always flooded and full of mud when its not.
Paula the office mgr is beyond rude and unfriendly.
Bill is amazing in the office but i think he may have left, smart move.
Mtc is very friendly and quick to respond.
Residents are allowed to keep dogs on their patios to poop, pee, and bark at all hours.
Carole's house cleaning does an excellent job on my condominium.
I haver used them regularly for the last 6 months.
They do detail cleaning in all the rooms in my home.
I would recommend  them to my family and friends.
Here's the kicker for this whole situation.
They knew what an emotional and financial hardship this was for me.
But they didn't bother to tell me my neighbor was moving out.
I asked them to waive the lease buyout fee out of fairness.
They failed to enforce compliance of the noise policy, directly leading to this situation.
But of course, their answer was no.
I'm  out $2,200 in lease buyout fees and $4,000 in moving fees.
So run, don't walk away from this place!
Don't listen to the crap people are saying.
This place is phenomenal.
I took a 2 bedroom with 3 months free rent and the leasing office was really helpful.   "
Miranda is perfect for any situation you might occur in the complex "  amazing.
I wish that i could give more stars!
I am moving out of state and needed to have my house cleaned prior to putting it on the market.
I read the reviews for carole's house cleaning and hired them.
I couldn't be happier and would certainly recommend this service to everyone.
Their customer service was great.
It's been a nightmare living here.
Mostly due to the residents.
Rules arent enforced, security is no where to be found.
Don't live near the pool.
No one follows the midnight rule, and security needs to be called anytime there's a problem.
There is an interesting group of people here.
I've seen them trash the rec room (the office added a curfew and had to shut it down for repairs.
Every weekend, you can hear people yelling until 3-4am.
Doors weigh a lot and most are oblivious and let it slam,  it'll shake your walls each time.
That happens just about every weekend.
This isn't your usual college crowd either.
This is an entirely different demographic all together that's causing 90% of the problems.
Unfortunately i think it means you'd have to move in to know what i'm taking about.
I think city north it is a wonderful apartment experience.
Ten foot ceilings with a wall of glass from one end of your apartment to the other.
The parking garage is a nice feature in the arizona heat and it is secure.
There are some very nice common areas with high end grills for those of us that like to grill.
Some very good restaurants in the area and a mall close by.
I found carole's house cleaning on yelp.
I read reviews and therefore i give reviews.
I have been very impressed with their customer service from the start.
They were able to get someone out to my house the next day after my initial request.
When i felt something wasn't done correctly they immediately remedied the situation.
And now i have an amazing house cleaner, rebecca!
She came in today for a touch up clean and i'm so impressed by what she did!
I absolutely recommend this company and would recommend requesting rebecca because she's awesome!
The following post is rated pg-13: i know this sounds insane but i couldn't make this up if i tried.
So that's a few doll hairs right?
A pretty big chunk of change for a ramen-every-night-for-dinner kinda gal like me.
(i know this sounds crazy) i let a few days go by and i went back down.... same thing.
"someone called and paid the second half of your rent in full".
I asked so many questions like who?
Or what did they say?
Where is the confirmation of payment??
Nothing.... (just wait) *3 months later* i get an eviction notice taped to my door.
A woman laughed in my face.
Finally our beloved savior maintenance man keith came to replace our washer and we haven't had issues since.
So i said ok, contact corporate.
No one got back to me for a week after i called and emailed every number listed on their site.
I want my money and sanity back you jerks!
Carol's house cleaning has been a pleasure to work with.
Efficient, reliable, proactive and friendly staff.
I highly recommend their services.
Vista is a great place to live while going to asu.
It is technically on campus which makes getting to class super easy.
The pool and all the other amenities are absolutely amazing and included in the rent.
The staff is always helpful and easy to communicate with.
I would highly recommend living here.
The ladies in the office are always super helpful and friendly, thank you to rosa & sierrah!
Every time i've needed maintenance they have always come in a timely manner and fixed everything.
I truly don't have anything negative to say and i look to living here for a while!
These guys blow some phat donkey rod.
First they come 27 hours late, then they pee all over my carpet.
This is after downing my single malt whiskey i was saving for my graduation from clown college.
Without warning, one of the cleaners busts me in the mouth and then bites my eat off mike tyson style.
The other lady yells "ay yai yai!"
While spinning a round house to my chops even bruce lee would envy.
I told the first cleaning lady to kindly knock off the nonsense or there would be trouble.
She wasn't having it and said "you want clean?
I show you clean!!"
Not the greatest experience.
I think they can do better.
Clearly don't care for residents.
Will have events and snacks in the lobby, but won't fix things ever.
Air quality in the building is terrible.
Look it up, i swear this building has it.
Only thing i like is location, right across the street from light rail and right on campus pretty much.
However, there are no close convenient store options for food or groceries.
Worst part is cost.
Don't waste your money here.
This place is a scam!
Do not stay here!
The only good thing about the apartment is location.
When i moved in the apartment was disgusting.
There was trash left over from the previous residents, it smelled terrible, and the fridge was filled with expired food.
The bedroom and bathroom was just as dirty as the rest of the apartment.
The student employees did nothing to correct any of these problems.
Upon move out i was charged for everything that was explicitly written on the move in condition form.
I tried to dispute the claims but they refused to listen.
There are much cheaper options within biking distance to campus that don't try to screw you over.
Excellent customer service from assistant manager rudy!
His professionalism was amazing as well as his customer service.
Both of these things were really appreciated.
Staff like rudy is why i have lived here for the last two years!!
Keep it up camden you are awesome!
I really like living here.
It is fun and cool and really close to school.
It's always clean because of of the maintenance people.
Too much noise coming thru the floors.
I really regret moving here.
As long as you don't need sleep, you'll be good to go.
And let me state, it's even louder in person.
Youtube link (noise problems): https://youtu.be/jqr3t8hddzu  youtube link (sound of my upstairs neighbors walking) https://youtu.be/6okikkzpc6o  youtube link (noise) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfdpsgbsn1c
Tammy did an outstanding job cleaning our home.
She is hard working and knows what she is doing.
I give her an a+.
Well let's say say this i don't write bad reviews unless i felt like  i was taking advantage of.
Don't move into this apartment complex.
So we are just going to let this man suffer.
The manager hiring skills... suck!
One to the employee lives right next to me and they are walking around the complex smoking a blunt.
I think that's illegal!
When i would walk into the office.
There is always one person in the office.
And last they stole money from me!
They  accused me of owning a dog and it had made markings in the apartment.
Not possible... because i believe in animal cruelty.
Meaning i bust my butt at work and was never home.
And on top of that animals are like child they need attention and loving.
I don't even have time to feed myself so owning a pet is out of the box.
They charged me 400$ for the carpet.
Taken out of my security deposit.
After i had did it myself and professionally got it done.
Montage you can keep my money because i have said what i needed to say.
I have lost 400$.
Once again any that is looking dont move here.
We have been residents with montage for 2 weeks now and have had an overall great experience!
We ended up having to take it apart and scrub it since the vinegar and soda did not work.
No big deal, just something that should have been taken care of by maintenance.
Aside from all of that, we are enjoying our new place, and utilizing the very nice workout rooms/pool area!
They did a phenomenal job in every aspect of the cleaning.
Shawn organized the cleaners to come and was excellent in communication.
They called me, couldn't get in touch with me, and couldn't get inside the property.
They made time to come back to the property same-day and still got the whole job done.
I will use carole's again and i will refer all of my friends and family to them.
I have lived in these apartments a couple of months and i have to say it is very pleasant!
The staff is always very pleasant and the assistant manager, rachel, is an absolute doll.
I have never seen a complex that is more maintained.
The lawns and flowers are always looking beautiful and the pools are clean.
One thing i have to rave about is how amazing having a trash service is.
No more having to find sandals and lugging bags to the dumpster in the middle of the night.
I do have to say its great having a dog friendly environment with a great dog park.
This is in fact why i chose this complex, but this does come with a downfall.
Some people also like to try to get management involved too much and complain about everyone else's' dogs.
All in all, this has been a very nice place to live and i am happy  i chose this complex!
Worst student living in tempe.
They sell apartments according to the photos they took when the building opened over five years ago.
They use deception as the best business practice this building is in ruins and floods on a consistent basis.
Staff is unhelpful and doesn't seem to care honestly.
The whole place is just depressing and sad.
Just don't waste your time
Wow...i just read the other comments on here...idk why people are in rage mode?
I love living at vista!
I plan on living here all through under grad and when i go to law school.
- the pool is awesome.
Thats really all i'm prepared to say about that.
- the gym is open 24 hours a day and is a great gym.
- food everywhere very convenient and most of the places are open til 2am!
-you can bbq by the pool and its a great set up in general and better than other places.
The cops are out and about and make it known.
Its so awesome i feel like i live at a resort basically.
Again, i plan on living here through out under grad and grad school and my options are wide open.
Cons: - there are not enough bike wracks and plenty of room to add more!!!
(especially in *my* building) - thats about it :)
If you have more than one car be ready to struggle parking is horrible!
Its been days i can't find any parking spots going around the apartments waiting for someone to leave.
Also i been seeing a lot of small spiders its my first month here and its been okay.
She was very thorough and got the job done!
They were able to fit my house in last minute!
Amazing service and will use again!
I have written and talked personally to management.
Management told me the dog was no longer there as of thursday, december 29.
I asked management to physically check the apartment.
Apparently they did not as the dog is still living above me.
I believe it to be a pitbull or pitbull mix.
I am at my wits end!
I would give this place a 0 star review but that's not an option.
The places are decent, everything breaks in it though on a weekly basis.
Called the post office and they told me it was delivered to the front office.
They also lied to me about my rent and renewal.
They also have taken almost a month in adding someone to my lease.
It's not that hard.
If you could get me approved and moved in, in just a couple days.
Adding someone to an existing lease should not take a month.
I am ready to move out.
The list of everything wrong can go on and on.
But management is one of the worst that i have seen in the state.
Alex will not work with you, and will be harsh and lie to you as well.
The location is the best!
The only bad thing is that the walls are super thin.
The rent is a bit pricey but better than university house, rise, the district, etc!
I just recently moved out of this complex and could not be happier with my experience.
I lived here for one year and really enjoyed it.
I lived in one of the units with an attached garage overlooking the pool.
I highly recommend this set up.
The pool is beautiful and has a beach type entry with a hot tub and grills.
The clubhouse is great and there are two separate work out buildings, one for cardio and one for weight training.
This complex is located next door to the shops at pecos ranch.
There is even a gate connecting the two properties.
I would walk next door and have breakfast on the dog friendly patios.
I love this shopping center.
Montage is very pet friendly.
I have a 120 pound pup and they were more than accommodating.
There is even a small dog park in the complex.
It was my passport that contained cash and other documents.
She turned it in without hesitation.
Not a penny was missing.
I am so impressed by her honesty.
This is a great community that employs some of the most amazing, honest people you could hope to find!
After reading the reviews about this place, we decided to give it a chance anyway.
I know sometimes people exaggerate.
Well lesson learned, we will not be renewing our lease at this dump.
Water is constantly being shut off.
I've had to go to work a couple times without showering because there was no hot water.
The apartment is falling apart.
They jackhammered our daughters bathroom for who knows what.
We weren't told they were going to do that and why.
We got home to the cabinets, mirror and sinks laying about the apartment.
Did whatever they pleased and even left the lights on for how long, i don't know.
The managers response to all of this was, well, it had to be done!
And yet no one notified us about the major work being done in our home even though we work nearby.
Some expensive collectibles were knocked off the shelves next to the bathroom.
Place was covered in cement dust and who knows what else.
We're still breathing all that crap in because they refuse to clean up after themselves.
I guess paying rent here means they can do whatever they want in your personal space.
I'm kicking myself for ever allowing my family to be suckered into living here!!
I'm so torn on this company.
I booked a cleaning days in advance for a moveout special.
I was quoted $175 for it.
I assumed it included carpet because he asked how many square feet.
To confirm the cleaning he asked me to text him my address and info.
Time arrives for the cleaner to show up and no one comes at 9am, the agreed upon time.
I call after 20 minutes past the agreed time.
So i prepare to pay $220.
2:00 passes and i call again, "where is she?"
He tells me he told me 2-3pm and when i correct him he doesn't acknowledge that...but says "fine.
She'll be there by 3pm and here's another $40 discount."
So by that math, $250 minus the $70 discount puts me at $180 for the whole job.
But still, this is much later than if they had just started at 9 and finished at 12.
Then, i get a text saying i have to pay.
I had to ask for an invoice (for my landlord and for my own records) and he sends $215.
That's only $35 off.
He then proceeds to tell me he doesn't recall giving me the discounts.
I felt really gaslighted by this company.
Why would i make up discounts?
I read so many reviews about this company's customer service but i got almost none.
This experience was truly stressful and unprofessional.
I would never blame the cleaning lady or the carpet cleaner who came.
It was only their customer service phone i had trouble with.
They did end up charging me the correct amount and gave me a credit.
But i'm not sure i will use it after this fiasco.
If you're going to read any review about university house, read this one.
I lived here for three years during my time at asu.
I moved in in 2015 with little knowledge as to how this place functioned.
I was coming from out of state, and uh played a good game online.
Now that i'm finally moved out, i've been itching to review them publicly.
University house, regardless of which management takes it over, is trash.
Waste of your efforts and definitely waste of your money.
Downtown tempe has become expensive to live in, and these places are only making it more costly.
What's unfortunate is how awful everything runs at uh.
In my three years, all of my appliances stopped working at some point, including my ac.
In summer of 2017 i went a week without working air conditioning.
I understand this happens in arizona during the summer, but management had no urgency in addressing the matter.
The furniture was stained, dirty, and cheap.
The community spaces are equally as disappointing.
Even the tv's in the elliptical machines in the gym never worked.
I stopped expecting renovations to be done about a year into my time there.
The absolute worst issue that i had to deal with occurred at the end of my stay.
It shattered into thousands of pieces everywhere.
I was stepping on small shards of glass around my unit for weeks after.
Management's role in handling the situation was, you guessed it, trash.
Maintenance's only comments were how awful of a job it was to fix.
If you don't want to fix something this extreme, then install it properly to begin with.
Notes on management:  this place turned over twice in my three years.
It's now owned by scion group, a large corporate leasing company that owns dozens of other properties across the country.
They, too, play a good game of mediocre hospitality.
The majority of their leasing staff are underpaid college students who spend their time throwing gimicky promotions in your face.
I sense absolutely no sincerity from these people.
They don't care about your comfort or experience living there.
They're loud, messy, and disrespectful.
The stories you hear about people here are ridiculous.
Management never cleaned it.
Unfortunately there's no silver lining to this.
The majority of apartments around asu tempe are like this.
At this point, you need to pick the best of the worst.
But i can wholeheartedly tell you, don't pick university house.
This dump is one more incident away from a lawsuit.
Maybe that's when things will get done.
Unfortunately after only 2 1/2 months into my lease i am not happy.
I specifically asked for a quiet unit, which i clearly did not get.
My apartment is anything but quiet.
And that's only the noise.
It's among the many things i have brought up to management, that have pretty much just been ignored.
Now onto the parking.
People with assigned parking spots park in the permit parking, and people without permit parking park there too.
This leaves people with permits fighting for the actual spots.
My car has been dinged several times from people who just don't care.
I was told about this was a more upscale, young professional place.
That cannot be any further from the truth.
This is still a college complex, and that is what you deal with.
I pay way too much money to be dealing with what i'm dealing with.
I have had several flies in my apartment at one time, and the doors were not open that day.
Since i have moved in several things have broken, but have been fixed very quickly.
The maintenance staff is pretty awesome here.
I can't say enough about how great my home is when carole's comes through.
I feel so refreshed when i am able to start my week with a clean home.
I have lived at boulevard 1900 for a semester now.
They told me during my tour that the construction would be done in the fall.
Fall meaning when school starts as in the fall semester.
It is the end of november and i'm still paying $700 for what?
For them not to take out our trash as promised?
For my ceiling to leak water on my face while i sleep?
To smell cat pee every morning when i walk down the hallways?
To step in throw up that was in the elevator for a week and a half before ring cleaned?
If you are considering living here live at district on apache, 922 or rise!
I have friends who live at all of the above and love it!
I have lived here's for seven months and enjoyed it very much.
Fantastic location, great amenities and always available parking.
Alex and paula in the front office are great lady's and super easy to deal with.
I was happy to resign my lease here for another year.
It felt right, tre leasing manager was wonderful.
Tre has not stopped assisting me since i moved here 6 months ago.
Clean, modern, well maintained property, great staff and more.
I would recommend to anyone.
Long story short: any other place will have more supportive staff and be cheaper.
This place is a circus in the most awful way.
The management team is never on the same page, no matter how many new managers they bring in.
One manager will tell me the "policy" and the next day a new policy will somehow already be in place.
There's puke and urine all over the hallways and garage.
I personally emailed the gm to ask for the puke in the hall to be cleaned up.
A month of walking by puke later, i caught her in person and something was done a week later.
They do not clean the hallways.
Ive lived here a year.
I told the resident manage and gm the elevator button was not working in december.
Its july, still not fixed.
I pay a hefty rent to live here happily with security.
On top of that uh did not offer to help fix and did not apologize.
I get text notifications from fedex or usps about my packages.
I received a text from fedex one morning that my package has been delivered.
Uh processes it and will email you.
Two days past and they still did not process my package.
I went to the office and they pulled it from the back for me.
If i didnt go get it who knows when the employees wouldve gotten to it.
The apartment complex union is new and down the street, try there!
The couple good reviews are totally fake.
All the bad ones are very real.
Read the contract first, it makes everything your fault, they are not responsible for anything.
You can not win any dispute.
Any issue with roommates are your issue.
Trust me, there are always issues.
Management is a joke.
Totally disorganized, and useless, will lie, cheat and screw you over if need be.
I think they go to mcdonalds to recruit, no offense to mcdonalds.
No disclaimers to problems with units, that you don't find out till you are in with no where to go.
Doors that are supposed to need pods to open don't work.
Anyone can come in.
Stairs lead to open access on any floor for any construction or vendors that work in the stores/restaurants below.
Garage gate has been broken since before summer.
Halls fill with mj smoke and no one cares.
Huge parties, open to all (not just asu students).
Over all lack of caring and maintence.
Halls smell like puke, and alcohol.
Elevators smell like puke and alcohol.
Gym is a filthy mess, no one cleans.
If your room is near it, you will hear weights dropping all hours of the night and day.
I think the giant penis picture in the volleyball court when you google this place says it all!!!
Lots of good places in tempe, this is not one of them.
If your kids are pushing you to live here, they just want to party.
"once you move in, you can go fuck yourself."
Drunk bros will try to enter your apartment thinking it's theirs.
They so generously share their music at all hours, especially the music you hate.
They break shit in the gym all time time while basic gym etiquette remains beyond their comprehension.
Not a great place for children.
Apparently, someone's car was set on fire - intentionally.
They don't acknowledge service requests, they don't answer the phone...
It's almost like there's no management at all!
Hope you love shit, because there's dog and bird shit everywhere.
Also there's no parking, because people abandon their vehicles in the parking lot and camden will never tow.
I feel like it deserves a 0 but clearly that isn't an option!
Literally happened in the 1st month.
We never cause issues unless something is broke.
They tried to charge us $50 extra for trash for leaving it out past the time twice!
Mind you they aren't here until 10-11pm!
Never truly have had an issue with alexandria, veronica, or bill.
The rent use to be cheap, but it continues to raise & isn't the cheapest in the neighborhood.
We are very eager for our lease to be up to get out of here this time.
Do not live here it is horrible.
Also, one of the nicest looking ones in the city.
Maintenance and staff here are excellent.
I also very much appreciate their amenities and any free stuff that they offer.
I love the size and overall layout of my two bedroom apartment as well as the garage.
Now here are some of the things i'm not happy with: 1) cox is literally ruining my life.
Cox purposely provides the worst internet experience and refuses to help in any way.
They also close the rec room two hours earlier every night than when i moved in here.
That's messed up i can't do homework or anything there after 10pm.
3) if you don't have a parking pass, there's literally nowhere you or your friends can park.
4) the community consists of very many male spoil arab brats that cause a lot of noise.
Why must they modify their sports cars to sound louder than harley's.
The walls literally shake and wake you up at the dead of night.
5) camden likes to fine you for the dumbest reasons and gigantically out of proportion.
No warning was even given!
So unreasonable and frustrating.
Still, this place is sooo much better than grigio, and w6.
That maryssa r. yelper doesn't know what she's talking about.
-------edit------- 7/21/16 just discontinued my lease, which camden handled nicely.
Additional thoughts: camden has made legal parking spots available for the summer, which is nice.
It's insulting that they extort money from us like that.
Internet is still beyond horrible.
Like seriously, it's soooo bad and no one will help.
Also, some advice for others: be able to pay your rent!
That averages out to $19.55 a day.
Also, i just want to point out that camden failed on making interior doors.
The exterior doors slam really loudly too.
Overall, the place is luxury living and does well at that.
I would still recommend it to a friend, but hope that camden tries to fix some of the issues.
Spoke to the "person in charge" lindsey and she was a disappointment.
I lead by example and was professional and friendly with her, but i received nothing but poor behavior back.
The company should re-evaluate who they hire on.
The work was very good and tammy did a very good job i would definitely use this service again.....
We lived here for about 8 months and decided to break our lease because we were buying a home.
It was easy and we understood the terms.
We were told they would do a walk through with us towards the move out date.
We moved out, knowing we had a stain on our carpet and that we'd probably owe something.
3 days later we received a bill from a  collection agency.
We were never told we would be receiving a bill from an outside source... much less a collection agency.
We are buying a house and our credit is precious so this was a shock.
We called envision and they, like many other times, were rude and nasty about us inquiring for information.
We were told thats just the way it works.
So we paid the credit agency for what we owed.
Envision is not a customer service orientated apartment complex.
I would never recommend them to a friend because of the rude, uncaring office staff.
You wont be sorry using this company!!!
We had move out cleaning - jessica did an amazing job cleaning a 2100sq ft home.
She even cleaned the stair hand rails!!!
A few months ago i was pretty upset with this place... miscommunication and other issues had occurred.
For the first year and a half i had been dealing with alex.
Not a terrible experience..
He is on top of his work!!!
He is very personable and very responsive and quick to do what he says he will do.
The only down fall to this place is how pricy it is..
But i guess you get what you pay for, good location, nice safe and quiet apartments.
Before i said i would never recommend this place, but now i think my mind has been changed.
Thank you alex and bill!
Where do i even start..  pros: safe neighborhood, lots of grocery stores in the area, no crazy bugs.
Cons: endless... first problem, customer service from both the office and maintenance is horrible!
It's called a flash light!
Oh and they never answer the phone.
Second problem, thin walls!!!
I could literally hear everything all my neighbors did.
I would have been so mad if i had kids and they were hearing all that!
Third problem, horrible parking!
Somehow people must not work there so they always have the same parking spots.
Last but not least.
Don't think your going to get any sleep during the week if your sick!
They do yard work all day everyday!
Hope this helps if your considering living here!
We hired this company for move out clean and carpet clean of our rental home.
Obviously she didn't finish.
We rescheduled for a later date.
This time, the cleaner again was not on time (9am).
We called a half hour later, and then she  eventually showed up  at 11am.
The actual cleaning job is decent, some spots definitely missed.
Please read:  now, to give a short intro, i am a transfer student to asu from los angeles.
I struggled to find apartments, it was my first time searching alone and being "on my own".
I feel there are mainly negative reviews about this place.
But i feel the negative reviews didn't really explain how this complex really was, so let me do my best.
First off, don't sign the lease if you have intentions of moving out early or only staying temporarily.
This lease is permanent, and it's very difficult to find someone to sublease.
1, it's extremely difficult to find someone, and 2, there are fees included.
That being said, once you're signed into the lease, you're locked for that time period.
Second, don't just depend on what the consultants tell you.
The problem with this place is the captivating experience they give you with their model unit.
It looks beautiful, it looks spacious, it looks clean and it looks like potential home.
I want to make this clear, i had to give 2 stars simply for this reason.
I was a lucky one.
I was that lucky, let's say 10% of people, that got a decent looking apartment on move-in day.
Which was a hot mess might i add.
Couches scratched and falling apart, kitchen dirty and dusty, bathrooms looking like they weren't cleaned after the previous resident.
The apartments i saw were just disgusting.
My unit specifically had been decent.
Management was very condescending.
I feel almost like i got scammed at one point.
The place is trash as far as appearance.
I would've rather paid an extra 100-200 a month to live somewhere else.
The price and what come with the price really gets people.
But if i could do my research all over again i would.
Lastly, before i bore you out of this review, i want to talk about safety.
Security is a joke.
The cameras are a joke.
Safety it's not it's finest.
Luckily, i have been fine staying here.
Overall, please ask proper questions.
Keep all your emails and documents and take lots of pictures of your unit.
Keep track of convos with management.
Really, just do your research.
There's better deals out there, you just have to look for them.
I've only been here for three weeks so this is my initial review.
I'll post an updated review before i leave in 8 months.
The location is awesome and close to my job which is a huge plus.
I mean who doesn't love a short commute.
The grounds are nicely landscaped for the most part.
The grocery stores (sprouts, albertsons, and frys) are not too far as well.
I chose an updated 2 bd/1 bath apartment with an attached garage.
The attached garage is great and gives the apartment more of a townhome feel.
In addition, there is extra car parking in front of the garage which is a huge plus.
I'm spending $1276 a month here so i would've expected everything to be done correctly.
Yeah people make mistakes but this is just stupid stuff.
I just think someone totally dropped the ball.
It's called being proactive and precisely following a check list.
I also noticed the cabinet door in the kitchen had water damage and was peeling badly.
There are also a few stains as well.
The hot water and cold water are backwards in certain rooms.
To be fair,  they are in the long process of replacing the cabinet door but come on guys.
It's as though you just didn't care and was hoping i wasn't going to say anything.
They also replaced the water heater.
Side note:  this is the first apartment that i've lived in where maintenance doesn't wear disposable booties.
It's not that expensive and your tenants would greatly appreciate it.
I also have a huge issue with the walkways/ breezeways that need to be pressure washed.
When i mentioned it, i didn't like the response that 'it's going to continue to happen'.
Ummm i understand that, but upkeep is relatively simple.
Most complexes clean their walkways on a frequent basis.
There shouldn't be a large amount of spider webs.
I concur with a few of the other posters, the mosquitoes are horrendous.
The property definitely needs a mosquito treatment.
The grills are so gross and need to be replaced.
I've noticed quite a few people leave their trash cans out especially on the weekends.
I guess no one is monitoring  this.
I mean,  trash left out can get really stinky during the summer months in a matter of hours.
Trash cans left out are just plain tacky.
The fitness equipment is old and needs to be replaced.
I'm lucky enough to be away from the pool and the courtyard so my neighbors are quiet and courteous.
Everyone is really nice in the area which is a good thing.
If you actually acknowledged and fixed what's wrong,  this place could have 4 stars eventually instead of 2.5.
Update 2018-10-14: when i posted the review i was contacted by the office (phone then text) immediately.
They offered a full refund + $200 carpet cleaning credit, and apologized for the experience.
Updating the review to reflect their willingness to make it right.
Leaving the original review below as is, but i do appreciate when a company makes an effort like this.
Cleaners scheduled for 9am, no-show by 9:30am or so.
I text the company, guy says they messed up the calendar or something, here's a $35 or something discount.
They do eventually arrive at around 10:15am, an hour and fifteen minutes late.
To her credit, the main bathroom and kitchen were pretty bad and looked fantastic after she had finished.
Likely would not use again.
Had to complain about my neighbors music 5 times in the first 3 months of living there.
I'm not sure what, if anything, the management did about the noise but the situation never got resolved.
I'm having to do a lease buyout ($2,200) to get myself out of here.
Apparently you only have tenant's rights if you're the offending party.
The manager was not helpful and was unpleasant to deal with.
In my opinion, you're paying a lot to live here in these "luxury" apartments.
But look closely before you sign a lease.
The carpeting and flooring is cheap.
Like lipstick on a pig.
Bottom line - this is the worst rental experience i've ever had.
Vista del sol is super close to campus and offers many amenities for students to enjoy.
Work orders are processed quickly and the wifi at times can be spotty but it has improved.
The rooms are spacious and the kitchen has everything you would need.
Washer and dryer is included which is awesome.
Definitely one of the more expensive places to live but if you can afford it good for you.
I was really excited when i moved to the residences on high street...
I loved the location, and the high quality of the apartments.
Very quickly though, did the excitement turn into complete and utter disappointment and frustration.
Getting erica george to do anything is impossible.
I am so disappointed by my experience with this specific property.
Walls and windows extremely thin... honking horns all day and night.
Weed eaters before 8 am.
Maintenance man offered to help after hours then never showed up.
Broken down truck sat in lot near my apartment for a month.
Mattresses and junk on porch for weeks.
Mattresses went away but junk remained.
Neighbor has an loud car he revs up just for fun even at night.
Had loud motorcycle he used to rev up then switched to mustang w dual exhaust.
Had roaches from time to time.
Water coming through roof/wall...paint and dry wall tape coming off ceiling and water marks.
They painted over and said no black mold.
Screws around bottom of bedroom and no trim.
No cold water after a shower.
Dishwasher stinks like rotten eggs and even after cleaning the smell always came back.
Had for two months because they thought i just didn't know how to use a wash machine w a sensor.
Patio has standing water for days after rain.
Had terrible smoke smell from neighboring apartment most of time i lived here.
This was probably the worst issue of all.
They finally covered all vents w cheap cardboard and blue painters tape.
Gave me can of fire spray.
Caulked my side but didn't say they would do other side until i said i would call health department.
Second hand smoke was a concern and son with autism struggled with the strong smell.
Clothes smelled of it.
Nothing we could do about the smell and it was miserable.
It came through the vents and the walls.
They just kept telling us they wouldn't b able to do anything.
He is often drunk and stumbling during the day - not judging but doesn't always feel safe.
Packages... had several packages that they just didn't see.
I knew they had been delivered but workers didn't look hard enough.
Often no drinking water in gym which is so small and  usually equipment in use so barely able to use.
Pools nice but heated pool still too cold to swim in outside of summer.
When we moved in had spraying/leaking faucet in kitchen.
Toilets have little flush power.
Faub rarely worked on front gate.
Gate almost always open anyway and gate code never changed and was same for all.
Not sure it should actually be considered a gated community?
Dogs poo right in front of our apartment so barking and talking is loud... not all picked up poo.
People regularly smoke pot down the way... stinks up whole neighborhood.
Saw drug deals across the parking lot.
Overall, it may not be a terrible place to start out but definitely not worth the money.
Vista del sol is likely the worst place i have ever lived, for numerous reasons.
I would give zero, or negative stars if possible.
- the walls are so thin i can hear my neighbor flip his pillow over in bed.
Save yourself the money and the nonsense of trying to live here because, honestly, screw this place!
Don't say you weren't warned.
922 was a nightmare.
Do not sign a lease here.
The first few months i lived here, the fire alarm was low on battery and kept beeping.
Maintenance came about 15 times and could not fix a low battery alarm.
Worst of all...the sneaky fees.
A roommate moved out and the electricity bill became messed up.
Do not move here unless you want to pay hundreds of dollars in fees for something you could not help.
I have used carole's house cleaning services a few times and they did a great job!
I will definitely keep using them.
My boyfriend has been moved in since this past december and i cannot find one bad thing to say.
The complex has routine cleaning, maintenance is on top of everything, and the other residents here are so much fun.
They were even removing branches and leaves off cars and leaf blowing them off from all the dust.
Even my sister has left her complex and is moving over here within the year!
Envision apartments is trying to rip me off.
I moved in may.
I was rushed in the process and told that my medical marijuana license was accepted.
Then told that it was not accepted after 3 months of living there.
The girl who signed me up told me it was allowed and they needed to have a copy.
Which is ok with me!
I have horrible sciatica nerve issues and intestinal problems.
I don't use pills bc my dad is dying from those types of medicine.
I was told i had to sign that day in order to receive discount and rushed to sign paperwork.
Everything was ok for the first month.
They would push off work orders and take multiple days to quote on quote fix the issue.
In then end they cut corners and the issue kept coming back.
About 3 months in my apartment i received a letter saying that they were suing me for eviction.
I begged and pleaded my case and they said you either move before court date  or get eviction.
It was bogus lies and over charges.
This place is corrupted and people need to know their scandals.
Oh and i work everyday 830-8, no days off so it's not like i'm home.
I was only home from like 830 pm til about 8 am everyday, my girlfriend as well.
We always paid our rent on time.
I even would have drinks for maintenance bc of hot days and hard work.
Most apartments say hey fix issue within the next five days or you are gone.
But this place is greedy and scummy!
I have plenty of videos and documentation!!
Just don't sign a lease here.
Save yourself the money and stress and go somewhere else.
Expect to be hit with a ton of random fees when you move out.
Don't forget to ask if you need your kitchen professionally cleaned before you move out.
They won't tell you that you do, but they'll charge you for it if you don't.
Once that fee is gone it'll make whatever other fees you have left seem minimal!
It's loud and always smells like weed.
I get that its right by asu, yeah that's cool.
But when they're website says "it's all about location" they're not wrong.
That's all its about.
Nothing else to be happy about here.
I've never written a yelp review, but let me tell you how amazing the crew is here.
One, every time i go to the office they are kind and always willing to help me.
Backstory: it was my birthday this weekend and i was about to pick up my mom from the airport.
I haven't seen her for my birthday in over 4 years.
I go to start my car: dead.
They legit push my car out, grab is truck, and jumped my car so i could go get my mom.
I will always appreciate them!
That is the harassing message i woke up to yesterday morning from high streets quality and professional management.
If i could give the residences zero stars i would.
Since my initial post about my experience there, things have only gotten worse.
I am astounded that pb bell is even in business.
Legally, she had 30 days to get me that information and she never did.
The shocking thing is that the second picture of the stains wasn't even from my apartment.
So, the charges were totally fraudulent.
She simply stated that if erica said there was damage, she was going with erica.
No one returns phone calls from corporate, heck they don't even pick up their phones.
They allow management to act like children without any repercussions.
If i behaved like any of them at work, i would be fired.
I don't think my complaints in general have been out of line.
- fix my flooring in a timely manner like you promised - don't fraudulently charge me $800.00 for replacement carpet.
Must be erica's mo, i wonder if she is getting a kick back from the so called third party vendor.
Super frustrating - so i am in the process of getting an attorney and taking this so much further.
I recently moved here from the east coast and had to do my apartment hunting online.
The management staff was very helpful with all aspects of renting my new place.
When i arrived i was very pleased with the excellent condition of the unit and i enjoy the smoke-free environment.
Maintenance has addressed all issues that i have had in a professional quick and timely manner.
My pets love the dog park which we visit at least 3 times a day...
I would recommend this community..
I hate writing reviews of places that are negative, i do.
Let's start with the pros before the cons here.
The pool and gym are fantastic.
There is an awesome coffee machine in the office.
The location is near everything you could want or need.
The apartments are adorable and modern with all new appliances and with stylish floor plans.
The parking is ridiculous here, the amount of spaces to the amount of residents in this complex is highly frustrating.
We learned that the hard way when both of our cars and even my visitor were towed within 48 hours.
There's gotta be a law that's definitely being broken there.
They are always ready to argue and basically insult you.
Shall we dive a little deeper?
Rev those engines boys.
People treat their garages as if they are running a mechanic shop out of them, no joke.
Thanks for always coming through and being so outstanding.
I hope the other camden properties are better because this whole experience has been mostly a disappointment.
I recently moved from apartments were smoking was permitted.
I do not smoke but living there was an experience where i felt like i was the chain smoker.
The smoke infiltrated the apartment regardless if they smoked inside or out.
I appreciate wyndhaven's non-smoking policy it is a pleasure to be able to breath without choking on someone else's smoke.
The staff here has been nothing but helpful.
I have experienced first-hand their patience and understanding.
They have made my move from the east coast to the west an enjoyable one.
So there are reasons why an empty apartment may sit vacant for a time.
I'm delighted to give a 5 stars for carol's house cleaning.
When they sent sulema to clean my condominium scottsdale , she was on time and had very pleasant smile.
I definitely want her to return to clean my property.
Thank you very much sulema!!
They will charge you more if you sign up early!
If you wait you can save at lease 500 for the year...very unfair and greedy.
They are taking advantage of the parents and kids.
I would look elserwhere if you can.
Worst place to live in all of tempe.
Staff is very unhelpful and all they care about is money.
I lived in vista del sol for a year and would warn anyone not to live here.
It is so overpriced considering the horrible management, cheap build quality, rude staff, and how noisy it is.
The staff does not care about the residents at all.
If you have a problem, it will not get fixed, no matter what you do.
They are extremely rude and careless.
A waste of money!
Never live here, it's a fucking shithole.
I'll be moving out.
Then ooops, my bad... "actually the cost is $5.12 with tax".
They will rip you off every chance they get.
To begin, i would advise no one to choose this property as a temporary living space for themselves.
Worst year of my life here.
Hallways are filthy and smell absurd, while the elevator is always filled with trash and other animal feces.
Signing a lease for this place, was the biggest regret of my school year.
This place is an absolute nightmare.
I will try to make a long story short.
There was constant tension in there from all the drug use.
When the clothes in your room start to smell theres a problem.
They never cleaned out the refrigerator and there was always rotten food in it.
Of course when i suggested that they were all over it, why?
There is wires hanging out from the walls.
Their security is a joke.
The elevators are constantly broken and to top it off my daughters new apartment had roaches.
The management staff is a joke and that is an understatement!!
The only one that i can say helped in any way was tanner lareau.
By far the worst experience i've ever had renting!!
Paula klob and her staff are the montage klobsters.
She trys to run the young people out of the community with ridiculous threats.
We got a letter saying were illegally running a daycare out of our apartment!!
!, way over priced and the community of elder dog lovers will vote you out!!!.
No stars if i could
So after i made this review,  the manager has been ignoring our calls and service requests.
I'm going to look for a lawyer.
This place is a definition of a slumlord.
This is the first negative review i'm gonna leave, cuz they pushed me to.
Never live here if you don't wanna get pissed by the management team.
That's all i can say.
Never trust what the employees say, even it's the manger.
They won't admit what they told you.
Read the lease carefully and think abt what some of the rules actually mean.
All the management team is doing is ripping off the tenants.
Worst living experience ever.
I just recently moved in and thought i would like it here.
Started out quiet, but has turned into a ghetto environment.
People above me play loud music and after paying for parking, someone parks in my space all the time.
I have complained via email and phone and nothing had been done about it.
Management just puts it off on us to handle it.
They don't deserve a star.. don't live here i'm saving you money..
I lived at envision for 3 yrs, thru the 3 yrs is was the worst living experience in a apartment.
So we left finally, we cleaned the place very well!!
We turned in everything and now where getting a bill saying we owe $500 in damages what damages!!
I recommend not living here its expensive and they will try and screw you at the end.
You can call and call and call and no one answers the phone..
I'm moving from seattle to tempe... which is already stressful enough.
So who do i trust?
The website or the lady that didn't want to speak to me?!
Any request or concern that you may have is address immediately!
The property is kept immaculate & the quality of the construction is of excellence!
The staff here are nice.
But the issues at the complex outweigh that.
There's dog poop everywhere and there are no real penalties for not cleaning it up 2.
You'll pay for water for the whole complex, not just what you use.
If you call, you'll most likely be sent to the voicemail or automated system.
People smoke weed and cigarettes all the time.
I was eating it if i ever opened my patio doors or window.
The parking is horrible: even with a pass sometimes you'll park across the complex or even outside the gates.
There is absolutely no parking for guests.
I've seen people towed so be careful.
I am super bummed because i've lived with camden before in a less safe neighborhood and have seen less issues.
Sam just cleaned my house and she was great!
Very thorough in her cleaning and very friendly!
Will use them again!
Do not live here!!!!!!!!!!
Management are idiots and the apartments are disgusting.
I lived here for a year and will not be back and will not be recommending it to a friend.
Been living here since august 2015.
Like all apartment living there's highs and lows.
However, do appreciate the aggressive nature of the office management to solve problems, such as the parking situation.
The true gem though is the maintenance crew.
Never had i ever encountered such quick, professional service.
Always goes above and beyond service.
With always a smile to add.
A true asset to the company.
Im in a 4 bedroom so i pay like 720 a month for a room!!!
I would think for these prices it would be a better experience.
There are other student apartments that are much closer to asu and much nicer.
Use as a last resort only
I have lived at 922 for the past 2 years and i definitely love it.
The location and views are awesome.
I've had a few tiny issues but the management has always helped right away.
The maintenance workers are fast and very friendly.
The only negative thing that i can say is that there is almost no guest parking.
It can get very annoying because there are very few spots which are always full.
This is a very clean and well kept property.
I would recommend to any college student look for an affordable place to live near campus!
Great place to live!
One thing that i have to say is that requesting maintenance takes a little while.
Sometimes they'll come the day after , but other times it will take over a month.
Lived at a few apartments in tempe and blvd 1900 gives you the most for what you pay.
They are always working to make it look nicer and the clubhouse is incredible.
Having my own bathroom is the best.
This complex not only goes back on their word, they will screw you out of your deposits as well.
They lie, have bugs and make it extremely hard on the tenants.
There is a reason they're less than two stars with over a dozen reviews already.
Everything about camden is amazing!
Manager, is always professional and personable- he remembers details from our chats and follows up on my work orders.
He is kind, helpful and positive.
He also has one hell of a music playlist jamming in the office.
He's asks for  feedback both good and bad and genuinely makes camden hayden a great place to live.
I am so grateful we are taken care of so well.
Honestly the shittest place i've ever lived in.
Trust me, not worth it for $800+ a month
I moved here from ohio, thinking this place would give a damn about anything and make my adjustment easier.
We were told the clubhouse and gym, tanning beds, and study area would be done when we moved in.
It's almost november and it doesn't even look close to done to me.
How does that make any sense?
Making residents park on the upper floors while they pay to park there?!
Had maintenance knock at my door once.
Before i had the chance to get off the couch to answer, he had already keyed himself in.
Said he came to fix the air but neither me or my roommate put in an order for our air.
He came with no tools.
Didn't leave a note or any kind of evidence they even came and fixed it.
So anyone can come into the building and walk around whether they live here or not.
The place always smells like garbage.
They have valet garbage but you can only put garbage out sunday-thursday between 6-8.
I told them i wanted a replacement garbage bin because ours was disgusting from the previous residents.
I would never recommend this place.
I can still hear people from 901 western chatting on the balcony.
What a party night!
Stay away from 901 western and next chapter properties at all costs!
I leased with them last year and while the buildings looked nice, ncp is woefully unfit to be a landlord.
They run a well known security deposit scam and have no concept of the legal system.
This is illegal on several counts (urbana codes sec.
Next chapter properties is objectively unfit to operate at such a prestigious university.
There are plenty of other landlords who operate ethically and will not defraud you.
I lived here for about 4 years and loved the place!
I had to move out since my work place moved and i wanted to be close to that.
I loved my years here.
It is a family-friendly quiet little apartment complex with lots of personal attention from the management and the service staff.
The upkeep of the complex is very good and the service personnel are efficient and know their job well.
Usually services get done the same day or in about 24 hours.
A lot of the residents are families and so no late night parties etc, which is great!
Parking is adequate, grounds are clean, apartments are well-lit etc.
I esp loved the skylight!
Saved me a lot of electricity.
Good worth for the money!
Can't even give one star.
My son complained most of the year about no internet service.
Sports kids that traveled most of the spring season yet still were charged extra for utilities they didn't use.
Don't expect to get your security deposit.
Expect a bill for the most ridiculous items.
$15 for one tape mark in bedrooms that you didn't live in.
This is a racket that happens on all college campus housing and it needs to stop.
Students can barely afford school, most depend on their security deposit to move into their next apartment.
Shame on you university edge.
I would hope every apartment would be cleaned after kids move out.
I would hope this would be standard practice.
There are ten small items in my sons list that he was charged $175 for including dust on a nightstand.
Multiply that times 3 for every kid in the apartment.
$525 for a light clean of an apartment?
My son lived in henry gilman for 2yrs.
The apartment was pretty good.
The inside was dated but comfortable.
The living rooms worked well but was old and probably was one reason the bill was so high.
The fire alarm went off if you took a hot shower.
The second year the price went up and the internet price went up too.
My guess... it's because they know you won't want to move?
Entry always smells like smoke.
Rusty water regularly so my son used a britta filter.
Pro's- has it's own gym.
Laundry facilities are good.
Walking distance to everything!
The on site manager was friendly.
The building was quiet.
Over all it was a good place to live.
Just a few drawbacks but that's to be expected in apartment living.
There are many mouses and small bugs in my apartment.
My roommate and i are annoyed with that.
In addition, the sound insulation is bad.
It is too noisy.
You can hear nebighbors talking walking and laughing from the upper level.
It is hard to believe that the building is a new construction.
The mouses scared me
I really like this apartment complex.
The management recently changed and they seem really good too.
The new management company is adding a fitness center and poolside cabanas.
They are also doing "improved" apartment upgrades.
With these improvements come rent hikes, which i am not okay with.
I moved here because it was a good deal and had what i wanted.
It's not lavish but it's not broken down and the rent was reasonable for the area.
Not everyone wants fancy poolside cabanas or a fitness center.
If i wanted those i would move somewhere else.
The old management company consistently had 90-100% occupancy because of the reasonable rents and great staff.
I doubt many people who live here will want or be able to afford the new rents.
I'm sure there will be a mass exodus come lease renewal.
The new management is doing really well.
There are always maintenance guys around and the manager is very personable.
I wanted to update my review because i just received my notice to renew my lease.
Our rent is going going up $10!
Seriously its a damn miracle.
The renovations they are doing to the new units look great.
Their rents are more consistent now.
There seem to be more young professionals moving in which is good.
The additions they are making are adding a lot of value to the property, we're happy.
I did not end up renting from them, but their office staff was very helpful.
I've called at least 30 different landlords and leasing agencies, but theirs was the most polite and professional with me.
I have a feeling that we will not see the conpletion of the construction.
My experience has always been top notch and i have no regrets with my decision.
Lucky apartments was built with quality in mind.
The location is absolutely perfect for both the student and non-student if looking for a downtown apartment.
The 24/7 concierge desk was always available and willing to assist with any need or request.
Rj and russ are the finest concierge employees that welcome every resident with a smile and laugh.
I know that whenever i grab the elephant handles and walk through the beautiful glass doors, i am home.
This apt is still under construction.
It is a mess around this construction site.
Noise all day long, from as early as 6:30 am, when most of us are still in bed.
Not to mention the dust and the smell.
Don't be fooled by the pretty pic rendered by computer!
Steve brown apartments own some pretty amazing places to live from gorgeous old victorian style houses to "the big ugly."
"brownstone style" apartments to high rise "gold key properties" (6 of those) apartments with amenities like rooftop terraces.
The staff at 120 west gorham are all extremely professional and super friendly.
Leases are by semester or year; and they'll help you sublet if something causes you to have to move on.
They offer roommate matching services so you have a good chance of rooming with someone with similar lifestyle or interests.
Maintenance is prompt and 24/7 for emergency.
Laundry facilities are available to use; again with the redcard.
There are workout rooms and community lounges with cable tv and computers with printers.
( not saying who and it's not often, but it's a problem at times)  i recommend sba for anyone.
There's a location pretty much on every side of town and i believe even in suburbs of madison like stoughton.
I love steve brown apartments as a landlord company.
I found them to be very fair.
It seems they just didn't know how to fix it.
I got most of my deposit back although they charged me for 4 hours of cleaning.
Given that they didn't charge me for the painting, i'm not complaining about it.
I just moved into the brownstone and i love it.
I lived here for three years.
Amazing property & amenities.
Includes garage heated parking and a trash pick up service!
Fitness center & club room were fantastic.
The apartments are very large, including in unit washer & dryer as well as new stainless steel appliances.
Shannon & hannah are excellent office managers try and work with one of them if you are renting.
Con: beware of sarah andrews in the west office, she is very rude and unhelpful.
Avoid sarah andrews at all costs!
Stick with any other leasing agent!
She is a nightmare.
Worth the $, convenient location!
This is possibly the worst management company ever.
Not only is every apartment overpriced, they're not even quality apartments.
They ended up firing our leasing agent marilyn.
If my lawyers fees wouldn't be way more than my 200 dollar parking deposit, i'd have already sued them.
Really bad quality food that's way overpriced.
There were cases of e. coil a few months back that they tried to hide but students were hospitalized.
I recently signed a lease to live at the henry gilman apartments.
I was very impressed with the responsive and informative help of elysse.
She answered all of my questions thoroughly and quickly.
It is extremely valuable to have such great personalized service at a big management company.
I feel confident with my choice and am excited to move in!
Try the cheese soup.
Not bad for cafeteria food.
Long lines for the salad bar when i was there.
Would have liked more variety in the dessert section.
I went to uw for four years.
I lived in the public dorms freshman year.
I hated my housefellow, so that meant i wasn't really fond of my "landlord" either.
I stayed with a total slumlord on mifflin street my sophomore year.
After two years of crappy housing, i was hoping for a change.
My junior year, i lived in a steve brown property on langdon street.
The apartment seemed a little pricey, but i shared a room and was able to make it work.
The place was clean when we moved in.
Repairs were made promptly throughout the year.
We didn't get charged a late fee when we were late one time on the rent.
I don't ask for a lot from a management company.
I just want to get what i paid for and that's what the deal is with these guys.
We didn't end up signing lease with steve brown.
But i think the staff are very nice, hospital, and responsible.
Elysse is really helpful and patient throughout the whole process from showing properties, answering questions, to following up our decisions.
She is very responsive to all my emails too.
We visited many properties from different real estate companies.
Steve brown definitely has the best customer service.
It'll be nice if the price is a little lower though.
Hope we'll have chance to live under steve brown another time!
My daughter moved out in july and we are still getting billed for things.
They do not respond to calls or emails.
You actually have to track people down in person to tell them stop billing me.
Don't for gods sake put anything on autopay.
Find a better place to stay that has a responsive and reliable management.
This is the worst apartment complex.
Biggest joke of a place ever.
Got a new car, let the office know, didn't get a blue sticker...
$100 later and 3 hours late to work, i now have my new car back.
Who tows a car with temporary plates??!?!?
The "security" guards are the biggest joke.
They can maybe guard a box of donuts.
Need i also mention that you hear everything from inside of your complex.
Seriously, don't live here, don't even visit because your car will get towed.
I lived there last year and absolutely hated almost everything about it.
Don't do it to yourself.
The house was disgusting and their staff was rude.
They're a pretty good management company.
Very communicative and responsive.
But the upshot of that is that the apartments are actually clean when you move in!
(this is something i haven't experienced with any other rental company so far.)
The henry gilman location where i stayed had a nice common area and good laundry facilities.
25$ fee to get let into your apartment if you get locked out.
I guess its a pretty expensive walk upstairs.
Water pressure in the building sucks.
The steam room that is advertised hasn't worked all year.
Only can have 2 guests with you at the amazing pool on the roof at a time.
Hot tubs up there aren't open in the winter though so don't get your hopes up for that.
Don't recommend it for anyone.
This place is way overpriced for the quality.
Half of these items have taken over a month to fix and some are still not fixed.
For a new building the whole place is cheap and a joke.
Do not rent from here.
And i did call the main office for a lot of these things.
Numerous times in fact.
The office is useless.
Want to go abroad for a semester?
Good luck getting them to agree to a short-term lease.
Worst customer service ever.
If i could i would give them zero stars.
Why did i stay?
Because the management staff is wonderful and i adore the building.
Also the building is beautifully kept.
It is clean and bug free.
I have severe indoor allergies and i have never had a problem here.
I have a room and balcony that faces lincoln ave which provides a beautiful green view to look out on.
Their is a lot of natural light (huge plus for me).
For my first year of living in illinois they made the process infinitely easier and comfortable.
This building may look ugly from the outside, but it is actually a gem in the inside.
It's constantly stunning in every season!
Aside from the beautiful view that we got, the location is unbeatable!
Nicollette has been very kind, nice, and helpful!
She is one of the best apartment managers that i ever encountered!
She is very responsive with emails and to our complaint.
She always tries her best to accommodate us.
They usually try to fix it on the same day or the next day if things get busy.
Heru and nicollette really give their best to make our living experience in madison easier and smooth.
Recommend anyone to choose henry gilman.
In fact, i have had two friends moving to hg after they visited our unit for a few times!
We covered our door gap so we didn't have to smell it in our unit.
I would recommend to have one if you decided to live in this facility!
University edge; only the absolute finest!
Those are the only comparable places!
The community is the utmost quality.
What special is next.
Five of the residents have dogs, when the lease makes it very clear no dogs.
They play with the dog so it is constantly running across the ceiling making constant noise.
My room is of the highest quality, some!
I looked up the model and the quality is less than bottom self, it is on the floor.
You will get to know weslee daum-smith and the maintence people personally.
They come ever other day to check on you.
You will get more filters then you know what to do with.
Wesley is quite good at making sure that no matter the problem, it is your fault.
You have a candle incase the power goes out or if you have a rusty door hinge.
They will report it and you will get yelled at.
Maybe if they did not design the building with exterior corridors then maybe the door wouldn't rust?
They offer luxury resort style amenities, these include the idea of free printing.
The idea you ask, confused?
This adds to the fun though since you can make out only half the words.
It is a guess who of the years!
The hot tub will be littered with broken glass and drunk people who don't even live there.
It is the social gathering of the year whenever it is half decent outside.
Cannot sleep, don't worry neither can anybody else.
The people that live here don't take classes, just the barely passers who drink every night.
I still just called the police they actually do stuff.
I lived here for two years and i would never live here again or recommend this dump.
If there's one word to describe it, it is complacent.
A cafeteria style location that is focused more on productivity than quality.
Would give a 2.5 if that were an option for the following reasons:  overpriced.
Additionally my room was probably the smallest room i have had at any downtown apartment.
My first property manager was the worst.
It was a waste of my time, and i shouldn't have been responsible for fixing their errors.
Don't get me started on maintenance.
When we moved in, one of the toilets had very little flush power.
They tried to say it was our fault, even though it was there when we moved in.
We gave up on trying to get them to come back because we were just ignored.
It's been 8 months since we moved in and it still isn't fixed.
In conclusion: old manager (thumbs down), maintenance (double thumbs down), new manager elysse (thumbs up).
Would not rent from steve brown again.
I live in lucky apts now and will be living in 613 maggie frances this upcoming year.
I lived there last year!
The rent is not worth what you are getting.
You will go over on electric even if you live like a caveman.
For example $20 for a "dirty lint trap" or $15 for a "dusty coffee table".
This is not the best university community.
I served active duty in the air force and am now in the reserves.
I am the complete opposite of dirty.
I kept everything perfectly clean.
This place is a joke!
Let's not mention the non stop noise.
The damage to cars is outrageous!
I lived here a little over a year ago, and i lived here for 2 years.
In the entire 2 years i lived there, the security gate was closed maybe a total of 20 days.
The air conditioner never worked for us, or our downstairs neighbor.
Maintenance came by many times and told us to leave it off for a few days to fix it.
That never fixed it.
The rent went up a bit after the first year, but the price wasn't awful.
The biggest problems were our late-night noisy neighbors (not the apartments fault) and the lack of air conditioning.
Lack of air conditioning in summer is something i will never suffer through again.
I've lived in colter park for 4 years and have had no problems whatsoever.
Some of these reviews are shocking..amazed they're talking about the same complex.
Don't let the negative review scare you..this complex rocks !
Getting ready to move out at the end of the month, been here for 9 months.
I can't say i had the issues that some have posted.
Biggest problem was a dog that was left home that barked and disturbed myself and my neighbor.
For the rent you pay  i found this apartment community to be affordable, and clean.
I'm only leaving because internship is over.
Do yourself the favor of not picking this place for your next home!!!!
Seriously, don't think twice about it!
Maintenance is a joke here!
Put in 5, count them, five!
The worst part, i'm not exaggerating about any of this!
I don't want to see anyone going through the same crap i've experienced with this place.
"living well homes", more like "living in a hell hole"!
Completely unprofessional & not worth what you pay.
Do not live here!
I have very mixed feelings about these apartments.
Recently just moved in and moved into a renovated unit.
While the renovations are nice, they're not completely thought through.
For example, the stove covers an entire outlet, making only one accessible outlet in the kitchen which is a pain.
The pantry area is completely exposed to hot the water heater and other pipes.
Just random things like that.
But the absolute biggest issue are the bugs.
They day i moved in, a cockroach bigger than my thumb was in one of the bedrooms.
There are roaches everywhere.
And when there aren't roaches, there are ants and other bugs.
While the office staff is nice, they never answer the phones.
I cleaned the dog's messes up myself and had maintenance come.
Police are here all the time.
No one is friendly - my neighbors complain often that they can hear me walking around at night.
Office staff clearly hate their jobs.
They don't open on time and close early.
They are very unorganized.
Also, the pools and laundry rooms are never open/ are not working half of the time.
Pros: landscaping looks nice.
I can not wait for my lease to be up!
This apartment complex gets worse and worse!
The gym is very outdated and the equipment that is broken-stays broken for months!
There is a blond lady that works in the office that looks mad all the time.
She won't even say "hello"...
The manager, stacy, does nothing to make this place better.
I lived at colter park for a year and thought it was an amazing place to live for the price.
Living in a spacious one bedroom (750 sq ft)  for $575 per month is a great deal!
Things that were great: free airconditioning and heat with their swamp cooler system (amazing money saver).
Ample parking - never any trouble with spaces.
Power goes through srp which requires m-power boxes that have a pretty steep startup fee.
Not to mention the light rail, not even a five minute walk for the night prowlers!!
I've had a great time living at desert gardens.
The property has 2 different pool areas and one with an awesome jacuzzi!
They also have a tiny fitness room that doesn't seem to get used very often.
The apartment complex itself is nice.
People keep to themselves.
The office assistants are clueless about mail, which is frustrating.
Maintenance would also be improved.
This is my first experience in apartment community living.
I was very apprehensive at first because i have high expectations of service, amenities, and also quality.
I found exemplar service, care, expertise, and especially a helping hand in jillian.
If you're looking to move to a quaint community, try colter park and ask for jillian.
Trust me, you will be just as happy with your new home as i am.
Omg, this place is a disaster!
Poorly maintained, terrible management, nasty furniture and sad "breakfast ".
Took much too long to check in.
But it set the tone for the entire ordeal, i mean visit.
Never been cleaned, for sure.
Break you ankle stepping out of the room... there is a long drop from the door sill to the deck.
It got me every time.
Why did they threaten to tow my vehicle?
Why wouldn't they tell me who owns this property?
I would simply invite corporate to come visit.
Say hello to the ugly management.
Not at this unit.
They give econo lodge a bad name.
Wish the cable would have worked and not freeze up every few minutes.
Perhaps i could have forgotten my predicament for an  hour.
By the way, i travel constantly for work.
I have never written a bad review for a hotel or restaurant in my life.
And by the way, i let them know i would write a review on them.
They said "go ahead.
They couldn't care less.
I hope that you do.
As of january, i am now a resident of colter park apartments.
Although i've lived in the valley nearly a decade, this represents only my second apartment living situation since moving here.
Exactly how i came upon cpa is part good luck and part bad luck.
So, let's air out the bad up front.
I wanted to find a rental unit that was (a) close to light rail and (b) in a small community.
I also wanted little to no carpeting and covered parking.
So, just how the heck did i end up in a midsized community with a nearly completely carpeted apartment.
Well, the unit i wanted?
That review is coming.
So on to the good.
I'm here now in my new home and it's with a sense of elation and anxiety that i review cpa.
Overall, i'm happy with my place.
But it was a significant enough annoyance to effect their rating.
All things considered, i do have a nice place in a quiet community across from a city park.
*********************************   the above was written back in the beginning of the year yet i somehow failed to submit it.
But i'm leaving my initial observations as is but adding some afterthoughts.
Yes, my roof leaks after rainstorms.
Yes, the office staff are practically incompetent.
The community ac has finally been turned on (ironically, the same time the main pool was drained).
Yet, despite all these setbacks and struggles, i will admit i still love my apartment.
However, i might sing a different tune if my car is broken into or i'm served an eviction notice.
From what i can tell this is a very new (and good) addition to the food trucks on campus.
They took about 5 minutes to make, and were absolutely delicious!
A good amount of food for the price.
This is not a place trying to rip you off, and everything seemed fresh.
Go check it out!
Enjoyable experience all around.
I would recommend this to anyone.
This food truck was a staple of my summer.
Farmers market on saturdays for a breakfast burrito and chicken and waffles or a burger during the week.
Miss this truck every wednesday now, can't wait for it to come back!!
I wish i had read these reviews before giving them my deposit.
Everything that has been said regarding the childish and unprofessional behavior of the leasing office is true in my opinion.
Do yourself a favor and don't get involved with these people.
I will forgo my $150 deposit and not lease here!
I am assuming that it is widespread, but for me directly jillian the manager, i guess??
Also, alicia or some name like that.
These two have been the bain of my world.
I toured the property two weeks ago this saturday, completed my application that following monday.
Was then told by these two to help them get my rental history.
Why did i waste my time doing their job???
I have told them from the beginning that i needed to get into an apartment by saturday, 12/19.
I also stated that i would pay a deposit.
This is not customer service.
Totally ignoring what my priorities and needs are in lieu of what is best for you.
Jillian told me that she can't let me pay the deposit without my rental history.
Then i reminder her that they should have that listed on my credit report, that they sent me.
This conversation took place on friday 12/18.
Each time jillian and others have said that they would get back in touch with me, they didn't.
She doesn't call and she won't return emails either.
When i confronted her on this unprofessional behavior.
Her response again was about her and her ego.
The latest example of this was yesterday, 12/22.
So after no hearing anything from them monday and tuesday.
I called and jillian answered the phone.
Today, right now is wednesday 12noon and guess what no email, no phone call.
This bxxith is crazy!
I want my $150 deposit back!
They offered another apartment, which the move in date was for february 24th and a more expensive place.
The whole point of paying a holding fee is to hold an apartment, which they failed to do twice.
This entire process with colter park has been noting but sketchy.
Although the changes were not major, it has left us feeling very uneasy about living here.
We loved the place so much that we decided to overlook how unclear they were about it.
Beautiful complex in a great neighborhood, but not worth the headache.
From day one there has been nothing but issues.
Yes the apartment are decent but need some cosmetic work even are the renovations.
Not at all what i was expecting from what the pictures online show.
It looks run down and the "upgraded" apartments are a joke.
The air con is under property control so it only works when they want.
For the money there are defiantly better apartments in the area.
We moved in after finding this apartment online and it has been horrible (we've been here less than a week).
Upon moving in we discovered a cockroach infestation the same day.
Following treatment we continue to see roaches daily, upwards of 15 a day, during the daylight.
The apts solution is to try treating the apt again.
They have offered no compensation and continue to act like this is our problem.
Also, "gated community" is a joke.
The parking gate, which hasn't closed, doesn't even lock, it's motion activated (talk about high security!)
There is a "nice" park across the street.
It is filled with homeless people at night and drug deals during the day.
Basically dont live here!
I say well have him come bcuz he didn't do his job so he needs to fix my refrigerator.
Mind you there's a puddle in my kitchen due to the melting.
This is fucking lame as service
Staff and manager are incompetent and very disrespectful.
My notice to leave this place after only a week.
The maintenance here is a joke!
I live here and it seems like i call maintenance once a month.
An hour went by and then two and nothing.
The next morning no one came by.
I was upset and told them i was going to speak to the property manager.
Of course, now, they take my problem seriously.
The maintenance guy, danny, came and vacuumed water out of pipes.
A lot of water.
He left and it is still dripping.
Hendrick house is a farm-to-table food truck which means quality ingredients.
That was apparent with the falafel we ordered.
However as for it fulfilling my falafel craving, this did not do it.
The dish was very difficult to eat (no way to pick up the wrap/taco).
The falafel pieces were very large and not quite the crispy texture associated with falafel for me.
The flavor was good, just no craving fulfillment.
The property was purchased by living well properties in august 2014.
Changed all the personnel.
They are already on their second manager from the new company.
There is only one gate that i know of that still needs a key to open.
The other gates have had their locks removed, or made inoperable.
It makes their lives so much easier.
The two main driveway gates are open most of the time.
The one off 7th ave is pushed open all the time by people.
Homeless people sleep in the unlocked laundry rooms and anywhere on the grounds where they can find a quiet spot.
Used syringes are now being found on the grounds.
They do not communicate with tenants about anything.
I spoke with the new maintenance manager about simply communicating with the tenants what he is doing.
His body language told me he was not happy hearing what i had to say to him.
When the seasons change, the aircon and heating need to have the thermostat controls manually changed over.
Tenants used to get notices that maintenance was going to come do the change over.
There was no notice how to get the heat on.
Now there is no control over the heat.
It is either on or off.
I've been waiting for a two weeks to have my bathroom sink fixed.
With the previous company it would have been fixed within a couple of days of me making the request.
This used to be a nice place to live, but i can't wait for my lease to end in march.
I will be moving out of this new hell hole.
I'm sure they are going to try to raise the rent again.
However, current tenants wait and wait for things to be fixed in their apartments.
I doubt anything will be acknowledged with this post.
I would not reccomend this place to my worst enemy.
Lived here for a year.
There were at least 4 shootings.
The actual apartments and staff are nice.
Though filthy when we moved in, our apartment was decent and fairly large.
Not a very quiet place.
Lots of parties and fights.
The police have been here many times at night.
But the office does seem to be concerned with improving safety and has hired more security guards.
I can't tell if it's really helping much.
****    please do not move here!!!
This place is infested with cockroaches and black mold!
The maintenance staff does not properly clean prior to moving in.
The office has had an exterminator come out to my apartment 3 times and there are still tons of roaches!
I've asked other tenants if they were experiencing the same problem and they are!!!
The roaches are in the walls!
On further inspection there was dead roaches and feces in my kitchen cabinets!
There were baby roaches inside the tank lid of the toilet along with black mold!
I have been caulking and sealing areas were i've found roach feces and they are everywhere!
The exterminators do not help at all.
Save yourself the trouble and please do not move here!
The office staff are very kind, but they don't help one bit!
So thank you gene and danny for getting things done the right way and being efficient.
I have not enjoyed my time living here.
There has been poor communication with the staff from the start.
Absolutely horrible neighbors in unit 69, that i have had to call the police on, on multiple occasions.
Even letting the office know about the constant harassment i endured from them and nothing was done about it.
Work orders not completed and mysteriously disappearing.
All in all i am so glad i no longer live here.
I can't wait to get the hell out of this place and i would not recommend them to anyone.
They charge a 300 fee and then 25 a month to have a pet here.
Anyone else think this is stupid?
The way they treat their residents is fricken dumb!
No one needs to live in this complex whether it's desert gardens or desert gardens 2.
I checked out the hendrick house food truck during the urbana food truck rally.
They weren't my first choice, but everyone else sold out by the time i got there.
It actually was a blessing in disguise :) i ordered a steak sandwich and a kale salad.
It was so good.
I don't remember the delicious cheese(s) or sauce(s) on the sandwich, but the marinated steak was very tender and tasty.
The kale salad was also good.
They made it not disgusting and i actually enjoyed it.
It looks perfect: low price, nice outlook, swimming pool and gym, friendly staff, etc.
However, once you get it, you will regret!
Level of residents most of the residents are college dropouts or unemployed.
Noise in average, there are parties 5 days in a week, from 11:00 pm to 5:00 am.
Therefore, you will get only 2 quiet night per week.
I said "average", sometimes you will not even get those two nights !
Safety a lot of drunk fight, almost every night.
A lot of drugs, even smells in the corridor.
There are security guards, but they claim that their job is to check parking permits.
Theft a lot of small theft problems among roommates in the shared area.
Instead, they will suggest you to move into another unit with additional $250 charge.
Read the contract before signing.
Your water bill is determined by the entire complex's monthly use divided by each unit.
This includes the water they use for the pool, sprinklers, etc.
The sprinklers break just abour every week so you're paying for the water to fountain out onto the walkways.
Cockroaches were a problem dore.
I would see one or two every 1-3 months in my apartment.
I had a maintenance request that was ignored for 5 months.
Printers are slow, usually only one is working at a time.
The gym room is a joke, the equipment is old and the room is smaller than most living rooms.
The electric gates to the parking lot always break down and are either left open or part way shut.
This place will nickel and dime you on everything.
Their office staff and management have zero customer service experience.
They are crooks and are rude beyond belief.
By far the worse leasing company ever.
From experience, i live here.
It's not a place to live if you have kids.
You're not allowed to do any kind of maintenance in the parking lot.
There's a fire pit that you can use until 9 and it doesn't get dark until 930.
There's security that walks around the perimeter harassing people.
The actual appearance of the property is great, but the community is terrible.
My fella and i had a 6-month contract here, which just ended in december 2014.
It was a one-bedroom flat, and the rent was much lower than other places we had seen.
They were also very lenient when it came to the credit check.
They continually strive to maintain the landscaping, which was always appreciated.
I never used the hot tub or swimming pools, but it was still nice to have them there.
As mentioned, the staff is very helpful and understanding.
I really don't have too much negativity to report -- except for the cockroaches.
We only saw them every now and then at first, mostly in the kitchen [yuck!]
But after a few more cooking sessions, we noticed them actually crawl out from behind, underneath, and within the stove.
We had to call the main office on a weekly basis to request extermination services.
They were faithful in following through [thursdays only], but that spray did jack shit to get rid of them.
It was obviously not a legitimate exterminator; just a random mexican with a spray tank concoction full of wd-40.
The last complaint is that our air conditioning stopped working over the last week of our contract.
I find this very unprofessional and cruel.
If i could give this place a 0 i absolutely would.
The apartment complex is supposed to be pet free however there is dog shit all around the neighborhood.
This morning there was two piles of dog shit directly outside of my door.
I would advise you to spend your money and your time elsewhere.
This is not the place to be.
Every night the police are there for one reason or another... helicopters 1-3 times per week.
This place is a joke and management doesn't do anything to get ahead of the problem.
I think it is safe to say this is a top 3 contender for worst "apartment community" in the city.
Stop by at night before you lease here.
City of phoenix, do something!
It could be, and should be much better!
My fiancé and i lived here for a year and are so happy we finally moved out.
The management was horrible and despite the recent change of management the property still is in poor hands.
I used to live here from 2002-2007.
They where a budget paradise having low rent, utilities all included, easy access to major shopping and downtown.
But that was just the top of the cake that looked good.
I have moved into a house since then but have a relative who lives there currently.
The renovated remodeled apartments are just as crappy as when i lived there.
It's lipstick on a pig.
Loud neighbors can be heard all the time though walls.
I didn't then and don't now recommend living here.
It's really overpriced for what you get and management is a joke...
They won't even try to remember your name if your in there regularly, your unit # not a person.
Same day almost always and just yesterday i experienced service within 5 minutes of my request for a repair.
This is a super good indicator of the general organization of this complex.
These are not the newest apartments in town but they are a great choice for many reasons.
Great office staff has always been a standout as well.
Cheers gene and crew!
But a lot of sketchiness lingers on the outside of the gates.
The looks like it could be a nice neighborhood.
Really close to light rail.
Access to grocery stores near by.
There are also a lot of cool places to eat around here too.
I really love the size of my studio and the surrounding area.
I enjoy that i can walk to the grocery store and how nice the grounds are.
However i've dealt with a roach infestation since last february when i moved in.
I was told that new management and remodeling had eliminated the issue.
They've sprayed, baited, and bombed over 6 times.
These proved to do nothing but hold them off for a 2 week (at most) period.
Today i found a roach nest near my toilet, and saw larva crawling.
I've asked if i could hire my own exterminator and was told no.
The roaches vary in size and are mainly in my bathroom and kitchen.
It has been an embarrassment because i never know when they would show up.
I'm afraid they are in my items and i will have to get rid of everything.
I've asked to be moved and was told no as well.
There was a drug addict who lived above me that was evicted.
I was told he was the source.
Since then several new tenants have moved in, roaches are still present.
I pay close to $700 for a studio apartment.
If i am behind on rent (4 days), they will send notices and threaten for eviction.
I am a teacher and couldn't afford to break my lease and come up with deposit etc.
For a new place.
My lease is up soon and as soon as i can find a roach free place i will be leaving.
The previous management was always courteous and helpful.
The new management is the opposite!
Laundry machines keep breaking and again going without repair (maybe maintenance is still out of town?)
For the past two months we have attempted to pay rent online and their website hasn't worked.
Overall, while we love everything about the apartment itself, we're really disappointed by this terrible new management company.
If the old company was back i'd give 5 stars!
I moved into colter park about 6 months ago now, and i'm very happy i did!
Solid amenities like the pools, gym, and clean and well maintained laundry rooms.
There have been no issues at all with pests, either.
Whenever i've talked to the ladies in the management office, i've found them to be friendly, professional, and genuinely helpful.
They really seem to be doing their best and working for their residents, which feels good as a tenant.
I would recommend colter park to anyone who wants a good living situation in a central phoenix location.
This is a good place to be.
This is an excellent community.
The staff is very helpful and have always been welcoming.
They go above and beyond every month with activities for the community, which have been fun.
We love love love our hawthorne family!
I have been here a few weeks now.
The cost of the apartment is great for it's size!
I came from dallas and that same apartment would have been about $400 more a month there.
I like the open parking there are always plenty of spaces.
The ac and heating being included was a pleasant surprise when i looked at these apartments.
They have dog trash bag locations through out the complex to make picking up your pets poop easy.
The complex at least where i am is very quiet at night and i haven't seen any suspicious behavior.
I've been here for 5 months now, and so far so good!
The location is amazing, very convenient, close to shopping, food, bars, and the lightrail!
Maintenance has been very quick about coming up the few times i've needed them for some minor repairs.
The times i've dealt with management they have been super friendly and willing to work with me.
The fact that heating and cooling is included is a huge bonus, my electric bills are nearly nothing!
The switch to heating came at a reasonable time, hopefully the switch to cooling is just as good!
Overall, i'd say this is a decent place to live for the price and the location!
I really love it here.
It's a nice place to live.
My only complaint is i work nights and it's noisy as hell in the early morning.
Or like 3 days a week.
Also if you choose to live here don't get a apt facing fry's.
They have constant deliveries.
Other than that the staff is friendly and once the noise stops it is very beautiful.
Also i do understand that it's beyond there control.
So otherwise i am more than happy with this place.
I lived at colter park in 2012 with no issues and i've been here for almost a year now.
Pros: -very convenient location.
I lived in the one bedroom.
Spacious bedroom, good size walk in closet and the bathroom was a decent size as well.
All the units were renovated besides the appliances.
Cons -maintenance is horrible.
This is my reasoning for leaving 3-stars.
-they were previously owned by another management company before living well homes took over.
I was close to moving out when the switch was happening and the office was chaos and very disorganized.
Overall is it a place i recommend?
I would say "why not".. but it may not be for anyone.
I personally had an okay to average experience and didn't mind my stay while living here.
I have lived here for 3 months as of today.
This is my first apartment and i am so pleased with this complex.
The units are absolutely adorable and after having settled in i feel very at home.
I haven't had any issues so far, and any time i've needed something fixed (i.e.
A leaky bathtub) it was taken care of very quickly and i haven't had problems since.
I love it here and i plan on renewing my lease next year.
She ignored me and went on to helping another customer.
I move in this friday and i couldn't be more happy.
Between the clean laundry facilities to the heated pool and the location you can't beat the price!
I lived in a studio/alcove apartment for one year, and i've recently moved up to a 1-bedroom with my fiancee.
Since we moved up, it has been a much better experience, pest-wise.
I watched them blow nothing but dust in one spot for 35 minutes straight once.
The office team is nice enough, but their communication skills are just horrible.
Continuing with rent, the rent-paying system is the most inconvenient, convoluted system they could've implemented.
If you do the math incorrectly and pay too much, you don't get refunded.
If you pay too little, they hit you with fees and extra charges.
This place loves to fine you for every little thing.
My first week in my apartment, i tried to open the blinds, which literally fell apart just by moving them.
They then charged me $200 for damages.
One of the great things about our bigger apartment is it includes a dishwasher!
The maintenance staff has always been helpful, and the office staff are always pleasant to work with.
Please do not do it to yourself.
They are very unprofessional and will mix business and personal matters.
They are not upfront or honest and have so many hidden fees.
So glad i dodged this bullet.
Beautiful place but the way they handle business i would not want to live here!
The ladies in the office are pretty nice.
Their office hours are also great.
My air-conditioner was fixed within 4 hours of placing a request.
That was a big plus for me.
I guess the manager thinks she can talk down to people because we live in her business.
The office can not have a polite conversation.
All the  maintenance worker can not speak english.
The property is too far away from major local businesses.
The design and the rooms are clean but are plain.
The walls in the bed room are as thin as paper.
In order to make love you would have to be on the floor in the living room.
The office will not hesitate to kick anyone out.
Had the ribeye sandwich at the farmer's market, i liked it but my wife wasn't a fan.
Meat very tender and i liked the sauce, bread was nicely toasted.
Next time i'll try the chicken tacos.
I have lived here a year and plan on staying, i've loved living here.
I don't understand any of the complaints, never had a promblem.
Everyone here has been great and professional.
The complex is well taken care of and the staff and maintenance guys are great.
Check it out yourself and you will be happy you did.
8 months being happy at colter park until the new management arrived.
The new managements response, "spray it with bleach".
Pros: on the light rail and big dog friendly.
Cons: new management who treat their customers as annoyances.
Yes, we are your customers!!!
Well, i'm not anymore and good riddance.
I've lived here since march and i had experienced no problems until now.
I live in the studio apartment and until now i loved it.
I did as i was told and was very excited.
I was so frustrated because i always pay my rent in full and there was no way that was possible.
They then told me that they would "work with me" and allow me extra time to pay back the $260...
Although i did try to follow up and was assured that everything was fine.
I work in customer service and this is some of the poorest service i have ever received.
I would never make my client pay for my mistake.
I am not happy with my experience here so far.
Sadly i am only six of months into a year lease.
It's gonna be a long year...sigh.
How about temperatures consistently in the 80's for three weeks and they still won't turn on on the chiller system.
My apartment ( that has blackout curtains) has been 80+ degrees.
Butter melted on my countertop.
You could literally see the transformation into ice cold b#$ch.
Maybe that's why they didn't fix the problem in my kitchen.
Yeah, still waiting on that.
Don't rent from this hell hole.
It's too expensive for the crap you have to put up with.
***** readers please vet my prior yelp reviews for credibility.
*****  just appalling, disgraceful and very disappointing.
Colter park apartment staff does not treat you like a paying resident.
They treat you like total trash.
Listed as a premium apartment complex, once i got here to my roach infested 1970 apartment that anything but premium.
The appliances are all from the 70's so don't expect what you see in the leasing office.
I am living in my premium apartment out of boxes!
The quality of maintenance is ridiculous, they are rude and lazy.
However they do spend excessive hours using their leaf blower starting at 4a.m.
That's always a joy while attempting to sleep.
Most places i have lived set up your rent payment date based on your schedule, it's a win win.
This place could care less, if your 2 minutes late get your wallet out!
The leasing office can be described as too many cooks in the kitchen.
Disappointed and counting the days until i can get out!
I'm already boxed up...oh yeah i never un boxed my stuff.....hmmmm?
Beautiful community and excellent location!
The apartments are clean, well kept and safe.
The maintenance men were also on time to fix any minor repairs that needed to be done.
Thank you hawthorne for a pleasant living experience!
Leaving a trash bag outside the apartment while cleaning to remove the odor).
I will not be renewing my lease with this company.
Update - i was contact by the site "supervisor" who was completely unprofessional, and unwilling to resolve the matter.
Had i seen this side of the staff prior to moving in, i never would have.
If i could rate zero stars i would.
I just moved into my gorgeous studio apartment.
Found the staff very helpful and very professional!
They keep gradually reducing amenities here.
For example they have removed all trash cans near the mailboxes and you might think it's not a big deal.
Also, they don't do any recycling so trash piles up quickly.
That place is horrible.
So do yourself a favor stay away from that place its way over rated and ghetto.
I just finished my lease here at colter park apartments.
Living well homes was very thorough fixing my problem and that was greatly appreciated.
No one is perfect, but if a company can right their wrongs, i respect that.
If you decide to live here make sure to get everything in writing.
So everyone can be on the same page and your stay at the community can be enjoyed :)
This is hands down the worst apartment complex i've ever leased from.
The apartment has been infested with roaches since august 2017.
I've had their exterminator come out on four different occasions and to no surprise they don't keep meticulous records.
Apparently, the manager believes i'm lying because their records only indicate one visit.
The heating and a/c works when they find it suitable to switch from a/c or heat.
There is no heat during "summer" month and no a/c during "winter" months.
The neighbors do not walk their dogs on their leashes, the gym is outdated and unusable.
The amenities are laughable.
There are literally transients in the pool or at least tenants who appear to be transients.
They've raised the rent without noticeable changes to the facilities or property.
As a young woman i do not feel safe living here alone any longer.
This apartment complex does not care about its tenants.
The neighbors in my area all are drug/medical marijuana users and the smell has engulfed my apartment on several occasions.
I've spoken to connie and the other assistant manager to no avail.
This has been the single worst experience of my life.
I would recommend that if you're looking for an apartment, keep looking.
Please drive on by and keep looking!!!
Stay away from this place!!!!!!
I just moved out of this place 3 months ago and i could not be happier!
Mine came with roaches, lots and lots of roaches!
Roaches that made themselves home in every nook and cranny in the place!
This is a place that only wants that check every month and wants you to keep your mouth shut otherwise.
Stay away from this place!
There are far better places than this crap shack!
Please don't live here.
They will screw you.
They have screwed me.
I signed a lease and now can't get out of it.
I don't want to live in an unsafe place where robberies and shootings have taken place.
If you doubt me, look at the articles in the newsgazette.
Please be careful before you sign anything because once you sign, you are done.
Yes, i'm a dirty, filthy smoker, but i had been smoking outside my apartment and disposed of all butts appropriately.
I live below a unit occupied by 6 illegals, yes, all in a 2 bedroom apartment.
Have respect for our military families and hardworking (citizen) tenants.
Oh and rigo is the best maintenance employee around, he makes this place seem almost decent.
This place has such great potential, but falling short on some very important matters.
I can't wait to get the hell out of this place and i would not recommend them to anyone.
They charge a 300 fee and then 25 a month to have a pet here.
Anyone else think this is stupid?
The way they treat their residents is fricken dumb!
No one needs to live in this complex whether it's desert gardens or desert gardens 2.
This place needs to be shut down.
The constant smell of smoke whenever i walk into our apartment isn't helping any.
I will not hesitate to bring lawyers into this and get this place shut down for good.
They are messing with the wrong people this time around.
They won't say shit to me cause they know exactly what i'll do about it.
Can't wait to get the hell out of this dump.
2 years of living in this dump and week left been waiting to damn long for this day to come.
We better get our money back and woohoo officially moved out!
I lived in these apartments for about a year.
The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
My daughter and i loved the planned actives.
The kitchen storage is a joke.
There is only one drawer for utensils  and one cabinet for pots and pans.
Also the ac does not work very well in the master bedroom.
I was told to buy a fan.
I felt very safe on the property and grounds are very well kept.
Overall a good place to live.
Colter park is nice from the outside... and management is decent.
When we first got to see the apartment, is was really nice.
Maintenance outside is awesome... those guys keep the place looking clean.
This is phoenix people, every apartment/house most likely has some kind of insect living in there.
I pay $500 give or take a few bucks for a 1 br 1 bath.. liking it so far.
One downfall: no washer or dryers inside.. i hate using the ones outside.
Lol, never have never will.
Just my 2 cents.
As a potential customer i had the opportunity of working with the leasing consultant by the name of jane.
These women who run this complex are very disrespectful and and are unable to carry a conversation as civilized adults.
They do not own up to their mistakes nor do they have an action plan when they are wrong.
This is not the way you conduct business.
I have learned that everything that glitter isn't gold.
I was interested in this particular property because of this location and overall it's cheap monthly rate.
At this point this customer was right.
I would never recommend this complex to anybody ever.
I would think they'd want to know how they're being represented which is not well.
I've lived here for almost two years.
The first year was great!
Friendly staff, good apartment for the price.
Kinda smelly... but i was fine with it at the time.
I decided to upgrade once my lease was up.
It was great living here.
And we found out the thermostat only goes to 75 degrees in the summer.
Doesn't sound bad... but when it's 118 outside it feels miserable.
They cleaned house and hired new staff.
To me they downgraded.
These new people are rude.
They think they have been here the entire time.
If you need something fixed they will try their hardest not to do it.
After months of trying they will promise it will be fixed.
Suddenly everyone is gone and a brand new group of people start working.
Then you have to start all over again.
It's gotten to the point where i don't feel comfortable living here anymore.
Everyone working here is angry, disrespectful and they all know my face.
They all give me dirty looks.
Nobody should have to live like this.
So i'm writing to discourage any others from moving here and getting into the same situation as me.
I have all these unknown costs just added into my rent beacuse of a previous staff members mistakes.
And it's taken 3 months for me to find out .
But that's money out of my pocket.
It's a great place to live if you don't need anything fixed.
Otherwise you'll be stuck for months trying to get it fixed.
All the apartments smell like cigarette smoke.
You have to do that on your own.
The landscapers always seem to be leaf blowing right outside your window at 6am... every 2 days.
Lol seriously consider signing a lease before you do it...
I lived at this complex for two years and would have lived there longer if i stayed in phoenix.
The staff has always been great.
Very friendly every time i came in and were prompt with any maintenance issues.
At the time i worked downtown so the proximity to the light rail was ideal.
It's also in a very convenient location by a frys and an la fitness.
There are dozens of amazing restaurants and bars nearby which was the most pleasant surprise when i moved there.
It's a good place to be.
But that's depressing to think about....
Had issues since day 1, had over a dozen maintenance repair for the same thing.
Nadia the manager is a selfish b!
*@*  don't come here!
It looks great in the outside, but trust me i learned from my mistake.
I warn anyone considering this place to stay away!
They will seek any opportunity to steal your money and then tell you it is your fault.
I will be filing a grievance with the property owner and pursuing legal action.
Rachel will lie any opportunity she gets and then say " well it was your own fault".
I wonder how she sleeps at night?
She antagonized the wrong person this time.
Where do i begin?
We only managed to stay 2 of our planned 7 days.
The first night we were yelled at by the staff twice.
Save yourself the experience and pick a friendlier hotel.
There's lots in the area.
I know, because that's what im doing after having to learn the hard way.
I guess you get what you pay for, my mistake.
When considering an apartment to rent i would hope that people would not choose this place.
I resided there and had a mold problem.
3 strands of black mold which i had tested at my own cost.
This complex ignored that fact that they had mold.
Several units next to me also had mold.
The maintenance staff did as little as possible to clean up.
They used bleach and bleached the carpet.
I had to pull the ceiling down to expose the problem.
All they did was replace the dry wall and paint.
This place is old and smelly.
The air system is so old and the moldy smell lingers in you clothing.
I should have read the previous review about this awful place.
Staff and manager were very disrespectful.
Stay away from this place at all costs.
I'm putting in my notice only after a week of being here.
The desert gardens apartments phase i off glendale and litchfield is the worst apartment complex i have ever rented from.
The pictures they represent themselves with in yelp aren't even their complex.
My entire stay they came up with bogus reasons to charge me extra for rent.
A random $209 here another $40 there.
I called every time and they had some b.s.
Excuse to make it seem valid.
They made me pay for cable.
It wasn't an option to not pay for it.
By now new management had taken over.
Rachel is the manager now.
She told me she'd take the leaving process easy on me and help me out.
She didnt help me at all!
She was asking me to fork over $1700 or be screwed.
I had to get a loan and paid her $1600.
She told me she'd go easy on the moving and cleaning fee.
I got a bill in the mail recently and she's charging me $270 for this fee.
Because some mild dust was on a windowsill and on a vent.
This is the worst apartment complex ever.
Do not rent here unless you plan on spending more than they say.
Being retired and living on a budget it is difficult.
Listed as a premium apartment complex, once i got here to my roach infested 1970 apartment that anything but premium.
The appliances are all from the 70's so don't expect what you see in the leasing office.
I am living in my premium apartment out of boxes!
The quality of maintenance is ridiculous, they are rude and lazy.
However they do spend excessive hours using their leaf blower starting at 4a.m.
That's always a joy while attempting to sleep.
So all that went into boxes.
Most places i have lived set up your rent payment date based on your schedule, it's a win win.
This place could care less, if your 2 minutes late get your wallet out!
The leasing office can be described as too many cooks in the kitchen.
When i had packages delivered they wanted me to log it in their book?!
That's not how any professionally ran company receives packages!
I hadn't even seen what it was to be able to log it?!
Started having everything delivered to my work!
Oh yeah, no water pressure in your shower!
Disappointed and counting the days until i can get out!
I'm already boxed up...oh yeah i never un boxed my stuff.....hmmmm?
Can't say that i enjoyed my stay at copper ridge apartments.
I spent a lot of money to remove the smell, but to no avail.
They brought the wrong one!
The office is beautiful, but the rest of the place?
Well...it's old, but jeez...to hear my upstairs creepy neighbor's every move?
Near the end of our lease found small roaches crawling around the kitchen area.
We had to spray all the time, but i'm guessing it was because my creepy upstairs neighbor.
I never ever saw him bring trash to the dumpster.
Neighbors walking across the rocks near our apartments...thanks!
Appreciate the violation of the small amount of privacy we wanted.
Hopefully at one point, they do mandatory inspections of those living there more than 1 year.
Hopefully at one point, they open the other gate so state route 202 can split into two lanes.
Watch unnecessary charges against your security apartment.
Thumbs down to copper ridge apartments and the meb management services company.
It's easier being homeless.
Absolutely the worst place to live in my opinion.
House was broke into and management has been rude and determined not to care.
Called them and all i receive is attitude.
Not the first problem i've had with this place and not the first time i've made them aware of this.
They cease to amazing me... can't wait until my lease is up.
Good luck searching people.
Go in with with open eyes because this place does some shady things, in my experience.
Manager and staff were extremely rude and dishonest.
First off i just want to say the customer service here is terrible.
Everything is about the contract.
Screw customer service, if you signed it then fk you if you don't like it.
Nope.."it's not in the contract..we don't have to" if they want to give it to you with 30 minutes notice...tough.
I just got back from the office and, for one they can not keep help.
That place turns over so often it is insane.
Anyhow i just got back from the office because i lost my fob to get into the laundry facility.
This fob costs next to nothing.
They want me to pay $50 for a new one.
Does not matter if i have been a good paying customer or not...$50.
Does not matter if i am going to go on line and tell you how bad they are$50.
Does no matter that my lease is up soon and could lose a good paying renter over something so dumb.
To boot the laundry facility charges you in such a way that you will never spend down your cash.
And if you ask them for a refund on your existing balance they have no idea how to do that.
They also seem to be very disorganized.
I don't pay for a place to live in the barracks.
I pay my rent either early or on time every time, don't cause issues.
Leave me alone and give me good customer service.
That is all i ask.
I remember driving past liv when we were looking at apartments and thinking they looked too expensive for us.
After stopping in, getting a tour and pricing, we knew it was the apartment complex for us.
We stayed at liv for 2.5 years, almost to the day.
We (just today) moved out and into a home we've been building for the past 7 months.
We love the location, and spent most weekends at the pool which is incredible.
Even at night, with the torches on, you feel like you're at a resort.
The pricing for our 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment was about 1300.00 a month, before utilities etc.
We thought this was fair.
We enjoyed our time at liv.
Great amenities, clean complex, maintenance was kept up, etc.
I would say that some of the amenities were never used by us though....the lounge, the citrus grove, etc.
They started having food truck thursday's and have a full calendar of events.
They really do try to create a wonderful community and succeed.
I developed a habit of wearing earplugs to bed because of this.
Maybe i'm just a light sleeper.
It seemed our neighbors never really went to sleep.
We had two different neighbors; the first which were there when we moved in were pretty much a nightmare.
Up at all hours, and we couldn't ever figure out who lived there.
To this day, i've never seen a child leave or enter that unit.
The second neighbor we had after the first moved was much better.
Towards the end of our stay we did feel a bit cramped due to living in a smaller space.
Again, that's with any apartment.
I would recommend liv to anyone in the chandler area looking for a nice apartment.
I've been a resident here since 2015 and i absolutely love living here.
It's such a wonderful community, think asking your neighbor for sugar type of community.
I actually asked her for a plunger but that's a story for another day!
Maintenance is awesome too, they are always a delight to deal with.
Ariel and jeff are always smiling and so pleasant!
Do not rent an apartment here.
Lies, damn lies - the employees will lie to you, without a doubt.
I have lost count of the number of times i have been lied to while living here.
Fees without services - the village has no qualms about charging a fee for a service they do not provide.
When we arrived, of course, the place had not been cleaned let alone redecorated.
When we asked about this, we were told that they never redecorate in sublet situations.
You should not be surprised to hear that the sublessor was not refunded her redecoration fee and neither were we.
The village refused to do anything in response.
These things do not exist.
There is some grass and a hill, but it takes some imagination to conjure up what the village subtly advertises.
As a final note, both the village drivers and maintenance staff are perfectly friendly and seem competent enough.
The village is one of the worst places to live near the uiuc campus.
Their staff is very unprofessional and they have no empathy toward any of their tenants.
They provide late notice about everything while expecting you to pay on time.
I have never seen such horrible customer services and treatment toward tenants.
Do not live here.
Don't get sucked in by the low promotional fees.
They don't last and at the end of the day the head ache isn't worth it.
Do not sign a lease with this place.
I wish there was a way to give this place 0 stars.
You get to deal with with employees who hate their jobs.
I mean, really, it's amazing.
The campus office is home to a bunch of people who are completely and utterly socially inept.
They are a company who takes advantage of young students.
Being one of the biggest rental companies on campus, they have an advantage.
No matter what they do, they will get new leases every year.
If you can find a way to not sign a lease with them, go with that!
Oh so many complaints.
They keep threatening to tow people but never do.
Walls are extremely thin as noted above.
The village's maintenance staff are incompetent at reading tickets.
Right after that flop of a project, they announced they're repainting the entire parking lot.
If you have pets, please be aware that the "pet fee" is exactly what it says on the cover.
I do not recommend living here.
There are living facilities literally just down the block that are much nicer and ever-so-slightly closer to campus.
Yet again this apartment complex continues to surprise me.
Interesting because i leave my name, apartment number and callback number.
They do not care about their residents.
Once you move in they will forget you exist.
You are just another number who pays them rent.
First thing first, the apartments are really nice, roomy, and cozy-feeling.
If it were at any other location managed by someone else, i would pay double the rent to live there.
Now, the horrible experiences.
I have never lived anywhere where the management/maintenance need to get into your apartment so much.
Once they came in to remodel the apartment to make it more energy efficient so electric cost less.
They are also very poor at handling scheduling things.
Speaking of parking, the parking situation is horrifying.
Some days we couldn't find parking at all near our building.
Now onto the trains.
They trains go through about every 15 minutes and they honk very loudly, which is required by law.
And you'd have to do this a few times every hour.
And if you're ever so unlucky to be walking outside when the trains pass by, r.i.p., your ears.
People walk their dogs outside, the dogs poop outside, people don't pick them up, which is not news.
There're dog droppings everywhere.
The entire place smelled like wet dog for months after we moved in.
Several months later, they checked in to see if there still were a flea problem, and that was it.
However, the fee charged was $520 total for a really cheaply made couch.
Also, when we leased with the cats, we paid a $500 "pet fee".
Edit 8/16/17: almost forgot about their internet - so slow.
We got our own internet service less than a month after we moved in.
Totally forgot that they provided internet when i wrote this review
The grounds are well kept, any maintenance problem in or out of my apartment has been fixed promptly.
And they always have a treat for me dog when they see him!
My complaint would be sound and heat insulation of the apartment.
Heat insulation is poor as well, compared to other places i have lived.
Even with the a/c on, it is never a consistent temperature in the apartment.
The screens don't seem to fit the windows as there is a gap in each and every one of them.
Meaning, i can't open the windows without risking a bug coming in, which is not worth it to me.
It's weird "complaining" about those structural issues as the office staff can't do anything about them.
Overall, decent experience living here and you can't beat the location.
Would choose living here again, with a roommate.
I don't think it's worth paying $900+/month for a one bedroom at this place.
After i signed the lease, i learned what friends were paying in neighboring complexes and started to kick myself.
3 stars for the building, 5 stars for the memories!
I lived here my freshman year of college ('98-99) and still can't figure out why i did.
There were private suites and bathrooms, along with housekeeping service, so i don't know why it was always so dirty.
Cafeteria was open about 2 hours/day and served the same 3 disgusting meals.
Climbing the stairs back up to the 13th floor wasn't quite as exciting however.
But i lived away from home for the first time and had a lot of fun.
I grew up here and learned how much liquor my body could really hold.
The best memory ever: the holiday lights spectacular.
A highly organized group of engineers on the 12th floor set up a wheel of fortune-live from chambana game.
Everyone headed across the street to acacia fraternity's front yard to enjoy the "light show."
Man, i miss those days.
Stay away from arcadia cove!!
They won't give the deposit back.
Even though i have cleaned everything, they said simple reasons to keep the deposit with them.
Do not stay in arcadia cove, you will loose all your security deposit.
Lived at these apartments about a year and a half ago and had the worst experience.
At first, i was convinced to rent there by the nice pictures and "wood flooring" .
I even referred family to stay at this complex and even they had the same issues.
For example, this place was infested with cockroaches!
Be careful when signing the contract and make sure you read everything.
They try everything to screw you over, seriously.
The only time i remember them being nice was when they were trying to get us to rent there
There is truly no better living than at liv!
I would not hesitate to recommend this resort style living community to anyone that will listen!
Do not live here!
The apartments are alright but walls are thin.
The management is absolutely horrendous!!!
It makes the entire experience just terrible!!
There are plenty of other places that one can live in savoy, do not live here!!!
I moved in here in dec. 2016, and cannot wait to get out.
The gates are only function sometimes, but we pay for a gated community.
I contacted the new management's customer service (bh management) and they also have not gotten back to us.
Outstanding staff and beautiful complex
To keep them up.
Also the past 6 months have been a little disconcerting with police raids in apartments around the space.
It would be nice to see my rate increase be used for common sense rental practices.
Update: if i could give this place negative stars i would.
In my apartment the air conditioning has now been broken twice within a matter of weeks for multiple days.
Currently it is going on 5 days without air and they have not compensated my roommates and i.
They just keep saying it is under warranty by charlotte mechanical and that they can't touch it.
Any uncc students should avoid aspen at all costs!
They try to take advantage of their residents because we are students and they think we don't deserve respect.
In terms of the staff, they are awesome!
All of the staff are very helpful and responsive to any request.
The staff here is friendly and treats you like you are another person and not a number.
I can't recommend liv enough, if you are looking for a excellent luxury apartment then look no further!
It's really the only way to describe it.
He tells you how there's cable and internet included.
He doesn't say that the cable is the equivalent of a 56k dial-up.
On some weeknights you can't use youtube.
It's far too slow.
Oh ya forget about netflix or online video games.
He doesn't tell you that the cable is basic non-hd cable that looks terrible on most flat screen tvs.
No dvr no on-demand just bottom barrel stuff.
Again, a nice bit of trickery.
He'll then lie to you about the trains and tell you that it's not too bad.
He says "i live back there and don't notice the train anymore."
Well i guess that guy has some kind of condition that puts him in a coma at night.
The train comes at least every hour, and is very loud.
One never acclimates to the point that it becomes inaudible.
Maybe he has an inner-ear problem?...
Overall the service and the services are sub- sub-par.
The buildings are fine, but not enough to give this 2 stars.
You fail colbert park, and i honestly hope it fails and comes under new management to save this place.
It's currently unsustainable, and the woman at the front desk is unstable.
I moved in, in february to a freshly renovated 1 bedroom.
The staff goes above and beyond in every way.
Caroline helped me get my lease, and went above and beyond from day one for me.
I cannot compliment caroline enough for the level of customer service she has provided.
The grounds are kept in impeccable condition.
The pools are both very nice, with gas grills at both.
I cannot say enough good things about the management, apartment condition and amenities.
This place is an absolute nightmare.
Also, disregard any reviews from prior to june/july of 2012 as this complex was under different management back then.
I lived here for 3 years under bre and almost always loved living here.
Ever since renewing with the new management, meb, last year i've been miserable.
They, however promised to find me another location.
The manager, pam, promised that the unit was fully upgraded with a fireplace and new cabinets and laminate floors.
On my tour through the unit it was a disaster.
The floors were stained.
There was a terrible infestation of ants.
The cabinets were so old and disgusting and the entire kitchen was so filthy it actually smelled.
Even carolyn (who was showing me the unit) seemed disgusted.
I felt stuck and dependent on the management to find me another location in the complex.
The unit, to my surprise, was much cleaner.
The carpets needed to be replaced which she assured me would happen.
The cabinets were not upgraded and were stained as were the counters and the rent was higher than originally discussed.
The upstairs neighbors were never quieter than the day i saw the unit and were often much louder.
Every time i complained i was promised action that never seemed to come.
I reported this to no reaction from management as well.
As a woman living alone i became more concerned.
She relented and 5 months later the neighbors above me finally moved
I did not even wear shoes in the bedroom or bring in food or drink.
Was simple wear and tear from walking patterns.
I am a professional travel nurse and use apartments all over the united states.
Never have i been treated so poorly and been so misinformed.
The reason i'm giving this rating a 2 is from how completely disorganized this leasing office is.
When i asked them for an official receipt, they gave me all this bs about how they couldn't do that.
This is completely unacceptable behavior.
On the other hand, the apartment itself is nice and the maintenance man couldn't be any better!
He also does a great job of keeping the apartment complex in order so props to him!
I loved living at arcadia cove, unfortunately i have moved out of state.
This community is a wonderful place to live.
Very pretty grounds, well maintained by the maitenance crew.
The office staff are very professional and always friendly.
Carolyn is a sweetheart, vicki and dee you ladies are the bomb!!
I would recommend anyone looking for a great no hassle, convenient place to live to check out arcadia cove.
Oh and they love dogs!
I could go on & on how great a complex this is.
The staff is extremely nice, helpful & make it a real pleasure to live here.
When i have ever had a maintance issue they where right in top of it in a timely manner .
It truly is resort style living.
I initially loved living at arcadia cove but that soon changed.
The bre staff was always attentive and helpful when i had a problem and maintenance was prompt with all requests.
The complex was recently sold to meb management and things have gone downhill.
The main problem is the walls are very thin.
I can hear conversations from my downstairs neighbors like i was in their apartment.
The pipes also make so much noise that i wake up most nights from my neighbor flushing their toilet.
I live in a one bedroom and usually pay between $25-35 a month for water/sewer/trash.
I am a travel nurse and have lived and worked in a multitude of apartments and rentals.
I have had multiple problems with liv.
I gave to stars because besides the management and money handling, the place is nice.
Not even worth it.
I've been charged a ridicuous amount for going over my allowance for electricity.
I've spoke to them since january and progress has not been made to investigate.
One manger left halfway though, when i was getting this issue resolved.
We would have to be running a gigantic generator in the apartment to get the electricity bill this high.
This is not the first time things like this has happened.
Please check out the article to read about other aspen heights around the country.
Highly advise you not to sign with them  http://archive.dnj.com/article/20140205/sidelines01/140205001/aspen-heights-not-what-promised-residents-say
One strike, you're out.
So:  if you smoke cigarettes or take illegal drugs, do not waste your time, move on.
There is a security guard on the property, as well.
Special shout-out to ricardo who does his work with such deliberation and great care.
I've watched him work and he is a master.
Thanks, ricardo, for all you do.
Another shout-out to the pancake breakfast brigade, and the fledgling team avenida biking team!
Read the other reviews for the amenities.
You get what you are promised.
You'll pay a pretty price to live here, and it's worth it.
I came to chad as a visitor.
A friend and i were just visiting our high school best friend.
The room in this dorm are soo small.
They are super tiny and i guess that's why i gave it four stars.
The location of it is perfect; it's right in the middle of everything, which makes it really convenient.
It also has a convenient store and cafeteria on the first floor.
One really neat thing about chad though is that it's run by the students.
Students basically operate the convenient store and the main desk and are on the custodian team.
It is pretty neat!
Overall, i think chad is pretty nice.
Horrible place to live.
Pool still isn't open (has never been opened) and same excuse given that they are waiting "on the city."
No apologies given or rent prorated.
Basically, we all pay a premium for amenities that we don't get.
I'm writing this review specifically to correct some deceptive statements on the one north/south  website.
One north/south is the farthest you can possibly live from uiuc without being on the wrong side of the highway.
Don't even think about cycling on lincoln ave.  another statement: "one is convenient to school, food, shopping and entertainment."
I can't think of anything that is remotely close or convenient.
Maybe a gas station.
If you want to go out late at night you'll have trouble getting home.
It really isn't worth the huge inconvenience of living in nowhere land just to save a few bucks on rent.
My son lives at aspen charlotte.
The apartments are new and nice enough.
Cheap furniture and flooring but that's understandable being a residence for college students.
My issue (and his) is parking.
He works 2 jobs and comes home late to zero parking.
The only parking available is near the office, literally on the other side of the complex.
There is no assigned parking but he is required to have a parking sticker on his windshield.
Any given night he has taken photos of 10 cars without a sticker taking up spots around his bldg.
They are enforcing towing but won't enforce cars parked there without stickers.
Very frustrating to say the least.
We would never renew a lease here or recommend it to someone.
Renter beware, this complex as well as their one north complex is advertised as gated, but isn't actually gated.
No secondary security devices are offered for the doors in apartments.
Security cameras are useless and can't make things out on them per the facilities manager.
1st floor apartments are frequently targeted for theft and burglary with ease of access and lack of security.
My boyfriend and i have lived here for a few weeks so far.
I can definitely say that they are a very nice place to live at a reasonable price.
The location is perfect if you want to be close to shopping, restaurants, and bars.
We are smack dab in the middle between downtown phoenix and scottsdale.
The property is clean and maintained as well as i can expect.
There are two pools on site that are sometimes closed before the listed hours.
The gym has lots of options but it could also use a few cleaning.
I was very upset with the cleanliness.
The apartment we have is a nice size, the windows are big and offer a lot of light.
There are a few things that could use some updating outside the units.
Otherwise this is a great place to live.
Things are always broken in the gym, pool is always closed.
Huge mosquito problem, can't use my patio.
When i moved in there were tons of fruit flies.
So we got our money back after a lot of wrangling.
Keep your money and rent from a responsible landlord.
I have lived here going on 3 weeks and so far it has been amazing!
The grounds are amazing and well kept.
The apartments are very spacious too and very pet friendly!
They are located near a bunch of shopping and food which is very convenient too.
Too far south down 44th street is a little ghetto but honestly it's not a deal breaker!
They were extremely friendly and helpful!
They sped up the application process to accommodate for me!
Not even worth it.
I've been charged a ridicuous amount for going over my allowance for electricity.
I've spoke to them since january and progress has not been made to investigate.
One manger left halfway though, when i was getting this issue resolved.
We would have to be running a gigantic generator in the apartment to get the electricity bill this high.
This is not the first time things like this has happened.
Please check out the article to read about other aspen heights around the country.
Highly advise you not to sign with them  http://archive.dnj.com/article/20140205/sidelines01/140205001/aspen-heights-not-what-promised-residents-say
The neighbors so far keep to themselves as does the rest of the community.
Sidenote: gym is usually empty so its like having a personal gym.
I am thankful every day i live here.
I love the complex.
It caters to a a type of person- friendly, considerate, and social people of all ages.
I have never lived in a place with a better sense of community.
In addition, when i moved in, the apartment was in pristine condition.
That is all the negative i have.
Nice appliances, super quiet washer.
I have put in one work order to get copies of my key.
Next morning i had them.
I live on the third floor, so i hear my neighbors never.
If this sounds like you, come on over.
Chargepoint has two level 2 charging stations on-site (one within the complex and one by the front office).
At times non-plugin owners take up the charging parking spots, and that can be very frustrating.
Another reason why choosing liv is a cut above the rest.
Campustown prorated our rent because we were moving out early and signing in new tenants.
We were not given our money.
When did they find this damage and manage to fill up three bags of ghost trash?
We're waiting on our check.
I don't know, man, these things happen when you deal with campustown.
I can't wait to wipe our hands of this filthy landlord.
No more surprise bills, no sloppy accounting.
Is campustown's poor accounting and indicator of malice?
No, probably not (though i can't say the same for their other practices).
But they are a hot mess, a triple-trainwreck, a shit sandwich with the works.
Rough time with management as well as well the property itself.
We get new signs, we lose the pool.
We fix the gate, but it is the summer.
They clean the bird poop, it comes back.
Dirty units and no evidence of cleaning these vents at all in the last 10 years.
Crazy time for a price that tricks...
I lived here my freshman year, and it definitely wasn't my favorite.
The rooms are big, so at first bromley felt like a good deal.
Even on weeknights, students often yelled and ran through the halls at 3 or 4 am.
As an engineer, i had 8:00 calculus most mornings.
So, i found it impossible to get much sleep, and i often found myself sleeping in friends' apartments, instead.
If your goal is to party constantly, this is your dorm.
If you're interested in getting some sleep, bromley hall is not your best bet.
The office staff is decent at times, mostly rude.
When i go to pay rent they don't greet you or anything in the office, they just say "yes?"
As if to say what do you want.
Speaking of paying, this is a nickle and dime operation.
For all this money what do you get?
I love this place.
I moved in oct 2015, from my very first meeting everything was first class.
I've lived in other apartments but have never been treated like i have at arcadia.
The office even does events every so often to show appreciation for its tenants.
I live alone here and feel safe.
The staff is amazing.
Every time i've called they respond immediately.
I had to wait to get mine- clearly a good sign that they keep tenants and make them happy.
Jessica johnson bodify co-foundner
I absolutely love living here!
In addition there is a fry's, ross, target, and costco almost directly across the street which is incredibly convenient.
Community is great - people, events, group fitness, staff.
Local restaurants and shopping are within walking distance.
Hamilton high is within walking distance (even on same side of arizona ave).
Kids love the interaction with other kids at events, splashpad and at playground.
My dog loves the dog park located within the community.
Great price for a great place.
Despite the appearance of the ideal community, aspen charlotte is full of lies and unkept promises.
Almost all of our "new" appliances have had some issue the past year.
None of the amenities are available to use, so paying more is a complete waste.
Though it is well maintained, it is not well managed.
They should change their names to arcadia crooks.
Every so often i'd get a letter on the door about an incorrection or price jump on my lease.
And this is after signing a year lease.
If you want to live there you have to ask specific questions about the lease.
I have asked questions but their explanations might as well have been in french.
Their reasons are never clear.
So, i followed directions and turned in my keys on the 30th.
I called and the customer service manager, aaron, was a hair short of being completely rude on the phone.
And this is a man whom i've chit chat with in his office for an hour one time.
He corrected me by saying, "you're not being penalized, you're being charged."
By the way, after they nickeled and dimed my security deposit, i got $12 back.
If you want to live there, don't just lock your door, lock your wallet too.
Great place to live!
Where i lived it was quiet, calm and cool.
I was on the first floor where i had hard wood floors and a pretty extravagant place to live.
Very thankful to have worked initially with vicki and have her be my go-to from day 1.
The rest of the staff were awesome as well!
Literally everybody in there was nice and helpful when i needed assistance.
Very thankful for the experience.
I personally think this place was the best place to live in the arcadia area.
The complex was gated, quiet and reasonably priced.
I lived in these apartments for a few years and just moved out about 4 months ago.
I found it be a quiet complex, where i always felt safe.
With that said, i still don't know that i would recommend it to others.
The rent will go up every time the lease is up.
That is a promise to you.
The maintenance workers were hit or miss.
My ac unit was incredibly old too, which aided in outrages electric bills.
The leasing staff is so wonderful.
So helpful and kind.
The property is beautiful and well kept.
However, the noise level is the worst!
Unless you want to hear conversations and every footstep of your upstairs neighbor, or maybe live on the 3rd floor.
We have also have a terrible scorpion problem.
That's difficult for people who work and can't be home on a friday from 11-3.
Aside from the noise and bugs this is a great place to live.
The staff at arcadia cove was great.
They kept us update on our process and paperwork.
They were friendly and outgoing.
The move in process was easy and they were excited to help us with everything.
So far living here has been a great experience especially from my last apartment.
Best place in phoenix,  hands down.
Working with carolyn throughout the leasing process was great, and dee, the property manager, rocks!
I lived here for three years and in barnard for my fourth (class of '02).
It's a great place--centrally located, has dining, and nice people.
After repeatedly trying to contact pam following her response i received no effort of a reply.
Either way, my previous post seems to be justified.
Obviously pam is not regularly available for anything other than writing phony concerns on yelp.
This property has become and absolute disaster.
I recommend looking anywhere that is not associated with meb!!!
I love this complex and the many amenities it offers.
The staff is willing to fix any issues promptly and are always courteous.
The apartments are gorgeous and one of the best communities we have lived in.
Wonderful location in a up and coming part of phoenix.
Right in the middle of great restaurants, shopping and bars.. love my 1 bedroom apt.
And good space for the money.
They put flyers on our vehicles in our private lot.
Many folks throw such flyers on the ground.
She actually said this to me in a serious tone!
I am flabbergasted by her ignorance and indifference.
I moved in here almost a year ago while my treadmill was still in storage, i went to use the"gym".
One of the two treadmills they have was broke.
I used the other one which i found out happened to be very well used per say and out dated.
Staff is very rude and unhelpful.
Property needs a make over...and guess what?
It's been a year, really people like do they think nobody will notice?
The grounds and apartments are spectacular and the pools are always refreshing...
But that is the only reason this review received at least one star.
Let's start with the front office.
We felt like no more than a number to them.
Our adjoining neighbors also complained just as frequently as we did regarding the noise...
Yet, nothing was done immediately to take care of the issue.
We never received a single response back from her during our entire year-long stay.
At the end of our lease, we were charged with a $250 carpet replacement fee.
However, they deemed that our one year old carpet had depreciated four years and needed to be replaced.
We were not pet owners.
There were no stains beyond "normal wear and tear", and there were absolutely no holes or rips on our carpet.
Liv avenida is 1st class all the way!
A beautiful place to live.
Sue is a super sweetheart, jeff, ricardo & katie rock!
The whole office staff has been amazing so far.
Mine were even done prior to my move in date.
I even had a nice gift bag with goodies awaiting me upon my arrival from cali.
My advice to you?
Liv like no other.
I agree with all the previous reviewers about campustown being unorganized, rude, unprofessional etc.
My roommates and i signed a lease for the 2014-2015 school year for a 4 bedroom.
Campustown convinced us to sign individual leases "to protect ourselves."
I'm not a lawyer, but this definitely seemed sketchy to us.
That's a total of $1180 for removing garbage?
I have a college diploma and no other job pays this much for such a menial task.
Second, when we asked for proof of garbage, we got pictures of this girl's belongings, not trash.
We disputed this with their accountant, who surprisingly agreed with us and told us he would remove the charges.
How convenient for them that they probably fired the only person that showed any sympathy to tenants.
They then so "graciously" offered us a 30% discount on our fees.
We decided that we could no longer handle this matter by ourselves, and went to student legal services for help.
Anyways, we agreed to this but then campustown rentals proceeded to ignore any sort of communication we attempted.
Yea their apartments are better than living in a frat basement, but definitely not worth it.
Run, as fast as you can.
Save yourself the headache, don't move here.
It's cheap for a reason.
Oh, and their new "remodel"... ha!
One south is the worst apartment complex ever.
Reported broken dishwasher upon move in.
Still broken when moved out.
Had to get another apartment upon move in because the one assigned was filthy.
We're talking dead bugs filthy.
The second one wasn't much better.
Had to have a cleaning lady come in before it was livable.
General maintenance sorely lacking in the common area.
Made an appointment to do a final walk through and manager was a no show.
Tried to pay the final bill with cash and asked for a receipt.
Never was told no cash.
Only business i know who doesn't take cash.
Don't do receipts but will make a copy of your check and sign it.
What business doesn't offer receipts?
Can't pay me enough to have my dog live here.
Continuing to update, this place is continuing to identify issues and take care of them.
Keep up the good work guys!
Worst realty group in champaign.
They are stingy and uncooperative.
Find any way possible to take your money.
Super cute apartments nice and quite community and the location is great!
Close to asu west and the 101...lots of shopping and tons to do...
I stayed here not as a student, but as a visitor for the madison early music festival.
Great place to stay!!!
Have made a bunch of friends too.
Would highly recommend this place
The property from afar is appealing.
I would caution all future tenents to remain open to this place but pay attention to the details.
There are major gaps in the management staff and health hazards in the individual units (such as the investation).
Please,  please, please throughly vet this place before moving in yourself and/or your family!
First of all, rent is way too expensive and they raise it $30 every year.
The complex is nice but let's be honest, the location is kind of in the ghetto esp.
With extended stay america right there with cops there on a weekly basis.
We moved into a renovated apartment and after about a year, things just randomly started falling apart!
It's obviously all very cheaply remodeled.
The biggest complaint i have is the a/c unit was absolutely horrible.
It would run constantly, we'd set it on 80 and it would literally go up to 84 degrees!
Electric bill was $250!!
Maintenance came a few times and said nothing was wrong.
And the a/c control is in the kitchen.
The hottest part of the apt cause you cook there!
So if you like to cook, you can forget doing so in the summer months...
Your apt will go up 3 degrees.
The final straw was about 2 months before we moved out.
Apparently there was a bee's nest and they sent pest control to kill it.
We called immediately and management said "sorry it's a friday we can't do anything until monday!"
Really changed my view and opinion of this place.
If you wanna live in this location i would go elsewhere.
There are nicer places for the same price
Unfortunately i was not able to move here due to timing and when i needed an apartment.
The staff was so amazing, they followed through and did everything they could to accommodate us.
This will be the next place i try to live if the timing is right.
The grounds and staff were amazing.
It is quite apparent that all ipa management, llc cares about is filling the vacancies.
She is without a doubt, arrogant, demeaning and impolite.
I will surely provide specifics at that time.
Nice place to live!
The apartments are cozy, hardly ever hear neighbors while inside, well insulated.
Other than that for the price and location its great!
Maintanance is timely and professional.
Some minor problems with management stuff.
Definitely a great place to live in champaign-urbana.
Compared to what you are getting, prices are very good.
Apartments are nice, even though a bit old.
Not the fanciest place, but cosy and welcoming once you put your touch.
My boyfriend and i took a tour in january with sue.
She was very informative and super friendly.
We were very impressed with the apartments and all of the community opportunities available to meet new people.
We filled out an application the very next day and sue helped us every step of the way.
We moved in march 7 and she still helps us with anything we need!
We absolutely love sue!!
She is the best.
Then things started going down hill.
Then the management changed from bre to meb, and every single employee in there is completely  unprofessional and rude.
They then tell us that the next month the automatic payments will resume.
No, if you knew how to manage things this wouldn't be an issue.
The management team is completely horrible and i cannot wait until our lease is up.
I love this complex!
The grounds are very maintained and they respond very quickly and appropriately to maintenance calls.
The only reason i gave them 4 in stead of 5 stars is because of a minor problem that exists.
The walls between units are thin.
Even with quiet neighbors i can hear loud conversations, movement, music, pipes running water.
I lived at bromley hall my freshman and sophomore years.
Made some great friends, many of which i still hangout with...
I'm not sure where chella g. was really staying, but the food at bromley was (is?)
Much better than she describes.
And, the cafeteria is open at least 3 hours for each meal (i just checked their website).
Funny she also mentions the elevators.
Those are some good stories :-)  it sure was excellent to have weekly (or was it every other week?)
The private bathrooms made the decision easy for me, did't have to share the shower with the entire floor!
Crew roy and jim have addressed every issue..keeping me up to date and making sure things are taken care of.
Thank you for making living here so nice:-)
Not even worth it.
I've been charged a ridicuous amount for going over my allowance for electricity.
I've spoke to them since january and progress has not been made to investigate.
One manger left halfway though, when i was getting this issue resolved.
We would have to be running a gigantic generator in the apartment to get the electricity bill this high.
This is not the first time things like this has happened.
Please check out the article to read about other aspen heights around the country.
Highly advise you not to sign with them  http://archive.dnj.com/article/20140205/sidelines01/140205001/aspen-heights-not-what-promised-residents-say
I love living here.
The apartments are laid out nicely, priced very competively and well maintained.
The staff is professional, nice and always make me feel important no matter how trivial the issue may be.
The apartment was so clean when i moved in i could not believe it.
Very safe, quiet, clean, and pretty.
The previous management had been really helpful and on top of things.
It's taken the new management some time to figure out how things work.
Although friendly, i still don't find management all that helpful and i have noticed increases in billing costs and taxes.
Maintenance (when you file a request online and not through the front office) has been amazing.
Quick, understanding and friendly.
Couldn't ask for anything more.
The apartments are fairly nice for the price.
Everything usually works and i feel they're rather spacious.
The walls and ceilings are paper thin, but not any thinner than your typical apartment.
Although incredibly convenient, the neighborhood is also rather sketchy.
I love walking around our complex but wouldn't dare walk around the block.
If you don't believe me, check the police reports for the area.
For every good thing about this complex, there's also something lacking.
I have lived here for about 4-5 years now.
Overall its a really nice place to live.
It's quiet (minus the train) and the staff is friendly.
If i've had an issue, it was addressed in a timely manner.
No place is going to be perfect but this place comes pretty close.
They don't know anything!).
I'm an undergraduate student, by the way.
Pros: -taller-than-average ceilings (by about a foot).
The kitchens in the apartments on campus are horrible (small, bad appliances, etc.).
If you want to pay a fortune for a nice apartment, like the village, on campus, then go ahead.
All i know is that i don't have enough loan money for that.
I can always park extremely close to my apartment.
I guess it depends on the building you're in.
At least the parking is free, people!
-great prices (except for the one bedroom)!
-all utilities, except electricity, are paid for!
Includes water, trash/sewer, internet (freaking amazingly fast internet!!
-washer and dryers in every apartment.
The times during midday are a bit strange, but i don't mind it.
-24 hour fitness center and a pool.
The pool closes once it starts getting chilly outside.
I have a full walk-in closet in my one bedroom apartment.
-comes with an hdtv, which i believe is 32"?).
They've always been super helpful and nice to me.
Maintenance also includes spraying outside the apartment for creepy crawlers, such as spiders (read below in the cons).
Cons: -far from campus, but this is only a con if you like to go out on campus.
Personally, i'm a homebody and introvert, so i don't mind being far away from campus at all!
In fact, i like being far away from campus because i hate fraternities, sororities, people who party, etc.
-the train isn't for everyone.
I don't mind it anymore, but i did at first.
I can also see how this would be annoying for some people because it's quite loud.
But, again, it doesn't bother me anymore!
If you want something that's considered a "rodent" (i.e., mouse, hamster, rat, etc.
They don't allow rodents.
(i think it's a cleaning fee) at signing.
-the mall is about 6 miles away.
-there were a bunch of spiders in my apartment when it started getting cold outside.
I had about ten spiders in one week and i'm severely arachnophobic.
:'(    overall, i love this place!
I get a lot for what i'm spending and i don't mind being far away from campus at all.
And no, i was not paid to write this review.
-_- i actually like this place a lot.
Our air conditioning went out friday afternoon.
It's now sunday afternoon.
Foot two bedroom, two bathroom so we have been cooped up in the one room for 48 hours now.
3 days without air conditioning in 115 degree weather is unacceptable, unhealthy, and reckless.
I do not recommend this community whatsoever.
Side note, i have a cat who is struggling with the heat (96 degrees inside our apartment right now).
Edited*** after a phone call the maintenance man came and fixed our unit by taking parts from a vacant unit.
I changed my 1 star to 3 because he was so great and worked quickly.
I will say that i don't understand why the fix couldn't have been made sooner than 48 hours.
Even on a weekend, resident safety should always be a priority.
But i want to emphasize that the maintenance man was great and i think this is a bh management issue!!
Submit an online maintenance request and its taken care of usually within 24 hrs.
They've attempted to get mostly grad students in here, and seem to be doing a good job.
On a whole, i give the village facilities a thumbs up, but the office staff thumbs down.
Campustown is pretty terrible, but then again i'm not sure if any campus rental companies are great.
I do not recommend living here at all.
Lived there 1 year.
There is no drainage system whatsoever on the complex meaning if there's heavy rain your vehicle will flood.
I'm talking flood up to the door handles it's so bad.
Also, management is so rude and not helpful at all.
They always place a ton of fees onto your rent.
Admin fees, office fees, maintenance, valet trash (not optional), pest control (they never spray).
This place truly sucks.
I absolutely love living here!
Been here almost a year and things are more than perfect.
The coffee in the rec area is actually really good, pool table, big screens, and everything is brand new.
Sure the rent is a smidgy spendy but c'mon, it's  worth it.
The staff is always professional and friendly, my favorite thing about them is that they all know me by name.
They have a great gym so getting jacked and tan is no problem.
In one line, campustown rentals is unprofessional and unscrupulous.
The rental office managers and employees are disorganized, careless, and ignorant of their properties and policies.
Let's start with organization.
As katie j. mentioned, their accounting is anything but organized.
One of the general managers repeatedly sent us vague emails about unpaid fees.
When we demanded an answer, we were ignored.
We were also told that we had not paid yet another fee, when in fact, they had misplaced our check.
We were advised by a third party to start requesting receipts for any checks.
When my roommate asked for a receipt, they denied her.
When i asked for a receipt, the employee was shamelessly rude but finally agreed.
It was "too much trouble".
I handed it back to him and asked him for an actual receipt with a copy of their own.
He told me the piece of paper would do and that they don't keep track of the payments anyway (?!?!?!?!).
Whether true or false, why would an employee say that?
He huffed and puffed and finally relented.
Let's move on to campustown's deceptive business practices and ignorance of properties and policies.
Their advertisements and employees stated that we would have our own washer and dryer.
When i called about the washer/dryer, they told me to keep looking around the apartment.
It should be "down the hall...
Uh, try the other hall... um... well, it should be there."
We never found it.
How come we didn't know this before?
Shouldn't we have toured the apartment before signing?
That is all on us.
We were denied a tour of the actual apartment because it was being totally renovated.
This is when we should have run.
They assured us that the model was almost exactly like what we would get, save the color of the floors.
They asked us why we were reading it so carefully ("it's not like we're trying to trick you").
Yes, that's right: the advertised rent was a sham.
In all, i'm glad of the experience.
It was a reality check-- trust is tenuous and should be prudently shared.
As for the other issues, the first maintenance guy said it wasn't mold at all, just dried... stuff.
When we found more mold, the second maintenance guy said it was, in fact, mold.
They dragged their asses on all the maintenance requests.
We asked the maintenance guy why our "totally renovated" apartment was totally broken.
The guy started laughing and asked us if campustown had really told us that.
The place hadn't been renovated in years.
We found the public laundry room.
None of the machines worked.
We put in requests in person, by phone, and online.
They also do not actually pick up their emergency maintenance line as evidenced by the time the laundry room flooded.
The ordeal was messy.
We had meeting after meeting with campustown.
They were appallingly rude and confused from beginning to end.
One of the employees even contacted us through facebook to discuss the issues.
As some respite, i should mention that the head manager was polite but was apparently awful at managing her underlings.
My advice, don't give your money, trust, and time to campustown.
They will do all they can to wring out every drop of each.
This apartment changed ownership to bh management and their groundskeepers are awful.
The tires ruin the grass and spit up mud leaving the sidewalks filthy.
I will not be returning next year like other residences i've talked to.
My neighbor wants to move as soon as her lease is up in october.
4/3/18 yet again this apartment complex continues to surprise me.
Interesting because i leave my name, apartment number and callback number.
They do not care about their residents.
Once you move in they will forget you exist.
You are just another number who pays them rent.
There were some issues with management in the beginning; often being told one thing then getting another.
We had a surprise bill a month after move-in due to a processing error on their end.
We were promised wood flooring in our unit and didn't get it upon move-in.
So despite the initial trouble, i am quite impressed with their effort to make things right.
Overall a decent complex.
Lots of roaches around...but bug traps and keeping a clean home keeps them at a minimum.
Not the safest area; our neighbors car was stolen right outside our door a few weeks after moving in.
But not the worst of glendale.
Close to everything and for the right price.
Apartments are of very poor quality, but that's the least of your worries.
The staff here is shockingly unaccomodating and unwilling to help residents in any way.
Yet again this apartment complex continues to surprise me.
Interesting because i leave my name, apartment number and callback number.
They do not care about their residents.
Once you move in they will forget you exist.
You are just another number who pays them rent.
They're raising my rent from 930 to 958 and adding a mandatory vallet garbage fee of 25 dollars plus tax.
I leave for work at 12pm and get back at 2pm!
I'm a perfectly healthy 27 year old guy who is more than capable of taking out my own damn trash.
Trying to strong arm me into signing a lease with a crappy one liner?
Giving this place one star is way too generous.
Do not live here.
They are so disorganized and lost my papers, so i could not move in when i had planned.
Next everything in 309 falls apart: our microwave, laundry machine, and oven have all broken from normal use.
Then when maintenance comes to fix something, they barge in sometimes without even knocking or stating who they are.
This is extremely scary when you are a girl walking out in a towel.
The elevators are constantly broken so you have to take the stairs for 24 flights!!
The air vents are so loud that we have to put the tvs on the loudest volume.
Worst of all we lived here to have a balcony to sit outside on.
They just barged in per usual and bolted our door shut for 2 to 3 months!!
I'm warning you...do not live here
There's not enough text space to explain how poorly i've been treated by this complex.
Instead of taking care of bug infestations, they'll tell you to go buy bug spray.
Instead of having some compassion when it comes to victims, they squeeze you for every cent.
You will regret living here.
I totally agree with all of the one and two star comments below me.
I have lived at arcadia cove for 2 years, the first year being with bre management, who was awesome.
They were always very nice and helpful and we had no problems as far as management or fellow tenants.
Once meb management took over it was awful.
I have been paying online the entire two years and it's been fine.
Implying that it was my fault.
She then continued to condescend me and act like it was a huge annoyance.
I was in a different position than most students.
For my needs, the village was perfect.
My roommates are law students and are very quiet.
I don't think you can beat the price of these units for what you get.
There are some very nice neighborhoods nearby where i like to walk my dog.
Overall, i'm glad i chose this place.
I know people have complained about the staff, but my experience has been pleasant.
However, i've only spoken with them a few times so my experience may be an exception.
If you are considering the village, you should know the following:  1.
The train is loud and comes by throughout the day and night.
I mean like 3am.
I've been here for 4 months and i'm just now getting used to it.
It's obviously worse near the units that border the track.
A lot of people don't pick up after their dogs.
The best thing about this place is they allow dogs.
Unfortunately, with poor owners it's also one of the worst things.
Walk in the grass at your own risk and please pick up after your dog!
If possible, try to rent on the third floor.
It's a bit of exercise on grocery days, but it's worth it for the peace and quiet.
People drive through this place like maniacs.
This may be more of a nuisance, but you have to drive very carefully around here.
It's hard to believe these are mostly grad students.
That's all i can think of.
Good luck in your search.
Excellent housing for graduate students!
The spacious 4 bed/4.5 baths are the greatest deal.
Coupled with the greatest shuttle service privately offered in the cu area!
Additionally, the facilities staff are extremely helpful and will usually start work on problems within 24 hours!
I enjoyed living here for the year i was there, for the most part.
It was close to shopping and a perfect location to get to phoenix, scottsdale, and tempe.
I didn't really have any issues until i moved out.
I didn't think the deposit was outrageous, or the rent for an upgraded apartment.
They do allow pets but i did think that the pet fees were a little much.
The pools are nice but they are fairly small.
The grounds are kept up nicely for the most part.
The gym is small but nice, it could use some more equipment but it does the job.
The staff was okay.
I feel like all of the staff should have been able to answer my questions regarding my pet fees.
It would be nice if they power washed it?
I am a very clean person and a germaphobe so living there, the place was spotless already.
I scrubbed the apartment up and down with bleach and cleaners before i left.
(side note: big lots or target sells sets for $6-$10-just buy them yourself).
They claimed it was due to carpet .... well 1.
I was supposed to get new carpet when i moved in and 2.
I also shampooed the carpets myself.
Needless to say i contacted them very annoyed.
They "miscalculated" how much i owed them and my bill went down $250 and they were "sorry!"
(after arguing for almost an hour).
That's a huge miscalculation....
I didn't have the energy  to continue fighting for the remaining money i "owed" them, so i paid up.
The previous reviews regarding water and gas bills are also correct.
Also paying rent online does require a $2 service charge.
Overall i enjoyed living here mainly due to location and the apartments were nice and spacious in my opinion...  oh!
I am very allergic to smoke but i didn't say anything as i knew it would be over soon enough.
However, they continued to ash and drop their butts all over the stairs and entry way.
This place was a nightmare.
Do not live here!
The management is awful, they are rude, and treat you terribly.
You can do so much better!
Ever since the management changed a year ago my husband and i were counting down the days till move out.
So glad we got out of there!
So i will repeat what i said in the email.
This is a waste of my energy and i will not put anymore into it.
I will just make sure to speak my truth and continue to share my awful experience we had with you.
I've rented here since 2011.
When it changed from being a bre-owned property to the current owners, nearly every aspect of living here went downhill.
Here are some of the most important things you should know prior to renting here:   1.)
The water billing is done so that you're essentially a proportionate portion of everyone's use.
So even if you're good about conserving water, you'll probably be paying more than you should be.
You'll pay for gas you may or may not use.
Doesn't matter if you use the barbecues or not; you're paying for them.
Do not rent here if you plan to try to buy a house in the near future.
The lease notice has to be given 60 days in advance (not 30, as in most places).
Also, that gas bill i mentioned in #2?
Prepare to pay to that until you turn in your keys.
Oddly, this policy does not apply to garage rental (which is a staggering $85/month).
The billing system is inefficient and tedious.
The water bill is lumped in with your rent, but you can't just make one payment online.
Also, the new calculation increased our water bill about $13/month.
Oh, and to pay online there's a "convenience fee" of $2, ridiculous.
We used to pay on a no-hassle auto-debit, now it's  a three-step process.
Recently, the condensation pan for our air conditioner was dripping a puddle into our master bathroom.
And it would be handled monday.
Called the emergency maintenance number and received a call back from the maintenance technician, who said he'd be there....monday morning.
With a temporary fix, that basically caused the leaking to continue.
It wasn't fixed until wednesday and there is still dripping.
We looked at the "renovated" apartments because they offered to move us into one.
So the cabinets are still cheap press board and very shallow.
And forget about being able to put so much as a spatula inside the drawers.
Finally, know that if you move here you will be a cog in a machine and not a person.
My husband and i never missed the rent once for three years.
When my husband got a new job, the pay schedule meant we would be five days late.
Just had us served, beginning the eviction process, and tacked on $80 of fees.
So much for acting in good faith.
Long story short, roaches, and mosquito's.
The positive thing about this place is the location.
There's this wonderful path behind the apartments that lead to down town gilbert.
The pool gates barely work with the key they give you.
Just do yourself a favor and don't make my mistake of living here for a year.
Great location from the freeway though very nice and central too bad they are awful.
I've been living here 3 months now and i can safely say it was a terrible decision.
The first thing they do is ask for a $200 non refundable application fee on your apartment.
They dent is visible to the human eye.
And of course they add a $5 billing fee to that bill too.
Just don't move here.
It's premium apartment prices for a really unpleasant experience.
I do not work here, i have lived here for almost a year now and just wanted to share.
Don't pass this place up if you are looking for a great place to live.
Here's my experience and i'm still living here.
Can't wait to get until my lease is over with.
I've been friendly to the staff, even offering the managers husband a job with our company.
I work most hours of almost every day.
I really enjoyed the complex at first until i was placed on the second floor.
Lol  a 35 and 40 lb 4 and 5 year old do not rumble the floors of apartments.
This was early february and the dog was added to the lease then.
She moved out as well as the dog as of almost 2 weeks ago.
I notified the office that the dog should be taken off my lease since she is not here anymore.
I tried to be nice to her.
She got mad that i had 3 people here one night when i first lived here.
We played cards and had a few beers.
No "rager" or anything.
Just a couple people from work who lived in the same complex hanging out.
Btw, we were never loud, and that was the only time i had people here.
She threatened me with tattling on me to the office about my friend and her dog.
Which i said they already knew about nice try and they're not living here anymore.
I am constantly being harassed by the office and fined for things that have nothing to do with me.
I hate this place and have never had such a horrible experience anywhere else.
This nazi germany-esque type of apartment complex tries to dictate your life in anyway that they can.
Now i'm just being controlled and abused by my landlords.
They are taking all of my money and it's not fair.
I can't afford to get out but can also not afford these mysterious ridiculous fines that i keep getting.
Do not move here if you enjoy privacy and not being harassed constantly!!
I've lived here for about 9 months and it's the worst apartment i've ever lived in.
Everything leaks (both of our bathroom ceilings caved) and is broken.
Maintenance is inconsiderate, leaves a mess and never finishes their projects.
Highly recommend looking elsewhere.
Be very careful before signing a contract to hold a spot for a potential incoming student.
There is a $300 cancellation fee.
I cancelled my son's contract in february after he decided to attend another university.
This was far before many students even were admitted or the housing was finalized.
This place takes advantage of the situation.
The apartments are big.
We have a 2 bed, 2 bath model.
Each bedroom has a walk-in closet, and the master has an additional closet.
There's a closet in the master bath.
There's a closet off of the kitchen.
There's a front closet.
There's a closet on the balcony.
Moving from a house, this was great- no paying for a storage unit!
We love the floor plan, and the size of the kitchen.
I love to cook, so i spend a lot of time in the kitchen.
I don't want it to be a tiny little area where i can't move.
All of our appliances are stainless steel, and the counter tops are granite.
The light fixtures in the kitchen are very modern.
I love that we have ceiling fans with light fixtures.
This is very uncommon in apartments.
Most have a ceiling fan in the living room, and hopefully the master.
Liv puts one in both bedrooms and the living room, with lights.
We have had maintenance at our apartment for minor things 3 times.
Each time has been very prompt, and they have resolved the issues.
Listening to these guys talk is comforting, they know their stuff.
Staff is great as well.
I have never lived in an apartment where the office staff knows me (and my dog) by name.
The amenities here are great.
We use the gym 4-5 times a week, and use the trainer staffed by liv.
It's great seeing a personal trainer 30 seconds from home.
We use the hot tub/pool frequently as well.
It's awesome that we can go swimming in january,as the pool is heated.
The hub is great, and we make coffee there in the mornings sometimes.
Yes, we hear our upstairs neighbors walking around, but they aren't loud or disrespectful.
It's something that goes with the territory in an apartment.
Very small sacrifices, i would say, for everything else we get.
I'm perfectly happy with liv avenida.
Yes it costs more than some apartments, but it's worth every penny.
I am one of the longest termed residents living here.
Going on 12 years.
Never have had bugs, maintance is fantastic and quick, and management is amazing!
I love angela, the leasing agent.
She has an awesome personality and drive.
She never has a bad day and is always willing to help if there is an issue.
I truely believe she should have her own property, someday soon.
Nancy is our property manager.
She goes above and beyond in her job.
She listens to residents and cares.
She always has a friendly hello and runs the community with pride.
I would highly recommend to live here, instead of other complexes in the area.
Going thru renovation presently and will be amazing when completed.
I've never seen a place so well run and on the go.
The police are,always driving through the property and there is a security company.
Pool is always clean and we just got new furniture.
I plan to live here at least for another 20 years.
Way to go nancy and angela!
I know your jobs can't be easy!
A security guy approached me and asked if i lived here and to identify myself/apartment number.
I identified my self/residence and proceeded to ask if there were any issues.
Ok i am a black man in mid 30's and don't fit the profile of kids throwing rocks at cars.
Before you enter or exit the swimming pool area you will need a key to open the gate.
After spending some time at the pool we decided to leave.
He asked if we had the keys and i said yes.
He approached us and asked if we lived here.
I told him that i am a resident and he asked for some identification.
He said that he wants to make sure there are no suspicious activities going on.
We told him that we had no drugs, weapons and it was not a stolen vehicle.
He then told us that we need to carry our conversation to our apartment or his will call the police.
